and
[Music]
k
[Applause]
[Music]
H
and
[Applause]
[Music]
ah ah
H
[Music]
I have
Oh
[Music]
ah
Oh ah
[Music]
H
Oh Oh
[Music]
ye Oh
bl
w
[Music]
ye
I have
[Music]
H
B
[Music]
PE Oh
Oh me
[Music]
and
Good evening family, how are we?
see how
we are good
eh Let's see
I'm going to try
Here I will deal with the three topics.
miles these and and goes extract for the
sauce shop because tomorrow I have to
I've been getting up at 9 all week, eh?
getting a little used to the schedule of
person Then tomorrow I will record what
such as
You are none Javier none
Javier I ended up quite quete
It is quite possible that Maria Jesus kills
Thank you very much. I really liked the mini.
says Javir Serrano Bueno I have
to wait for the updates
members of the salsa club But we passed
we had a [ __ ] time we had a [ __ ] time
I think the 5500 is the tattoo review.
Well
Look, the review has been interesting.
has been
interesting over here now I just got
remove this I just removed the Well
Well, we have given him, we have given him another one
once we have given him another life we ​​have given him
given another life the truth we have given him
another life is very cool The truth is I am
super
[Laughs]
happy I am super happy with what it is
who has done the truth you will know that it has
given him a life uncle I don't know if you
do you remember how
I have an image here of
made
wait
[Music]
mm [ __ ] I can't turn it
but there is a lot missing here
be it is not closed the shoulder well be it and
has given him another life Every guy has given him another life
given has given him another life
I really didn't ask myself what the hell it is
does the pastori but for the thing of the
pastori makes no sense
Uncle Don't ask me that's what he does but
does not have
sense because I basically already have the
arms
finished I basically have the
arms finished and also fixed
because he had a few tattoos
that were ancient and old that had to be
fix well missing the elbow in
November I have arranged to meet her for the
elbow which is the piece that remains is fine
And it's over, the arms are over
Now we will eat without hurrying.
I was in a bigger hurry to fix the
two arms or rather but they have
They have turned out really cool, eh?
Cool
Come on, the truth is that the elbow is missing.
piece of the elbow okay there are some
flowers but they have remained quite
eye-catching, the truth is they have become cool
They have been left very cool, the truth is missing
just that piece there from the elbow
I've already met her in November
and now quietly in the elbow goes some
flowers in that elbow goes a flower like this
in colorful and all that stuff you know and
The arms are already gone
The truth is that they have turned out quite well.
pretty cool is that I had two or three
old things had two or three things
old ones that had to be fixed and damn
he has put his hand on her, he has given her the donut
life that freaks out the truth has given him one
life that freaks out
And then, calmly, I will continue.
getting tattooed
that were visible and had a couple of little things
there a little bit old
eh and then Maria will have a tattoo on
the leg another in the chest another I don't know
What are we going to do? I have one side of my chest.
I have a tattoo on one side, I'm missing the
another one in the end we will be there we will be there
Ha, what time did you finish last night with the
doll about 2 in the morning about
2 in the morning I finished
I basically finished around 2 in the
damn tomorrow I know the time eh Let's see there was
had to
to comply, the truth had to be fulfilled
It was what was promised after fulfilling
the challenge that by the way I left here
Yesterday when I finished up to the [ __ ] and
is not here then I understand that
Lorena will have already taken her to the
living room you missed the mini camera Yes
but it's that [ __ ], let's see
This is that [ __ ], I'm not going to do it.
to put anywhere, that is, the bouquet
Well, the bouquet is good because it is
you have to hook your hand and it doesn't fall but
That fuss about the camera is that it is not
I'm going to put it nowhere, that is, in
I'm going to put the living room in the ones that are already there
I imagine Lorena will have already posted it.
the two Mickeys, not the Mickey and the mini
There Pam Pam, but the little ones are already here
those stories are not put there
you understand there will be that which is not that which is not
you can neither blow around nor
sneezing because it was 6 hours or so
There it was 6 hours or so.
true yesterday and today I thought I would rest but
there are some there are some little things
true eh Let's see I have to get up
9 yes I am fulfilling all the
mornings waking up early and
getting used to a person's schedule
On Friday I don't have to wake up
Early on Friday I have the gym
but I have but but I have it but for
the afternoon is fine But hey I'm
getting used to getting up every day
days of the week I have gotten up
early at 9 to 10 in the morning
So what I'm going to do today is
to deal with a few topics here, that is
These three themes that you are seeing in the
title and tomorrow when I wake up
I will record a video for the main channel
that luare is preparing and one and I of
while luare finishes it I will do a
news from the salsería but let's go
I think the sauce shop has stayed
dispatched let's say because they have been uploaded
tracts are going to be uploaded extract now
place that has to go up excerpt from
some things we discussed yesterday in
the Lego direct So I think that
has stayed and here I am going to record a
extract from Fran's and is going to upload to
the salseria too, that is, I think that
have been served
served the truth that the truth that
calm down calm down but yes eh no me
It would seem wrong to get used to that
schedule
[Music]
and start a new life not to see the
next week the already begins
nutritionist to take me the topic of the
feeding and see if it is already the one
definitive change because it seems that
We are complying in everything except the
food, that is, I am complying in
the gym but at full capacity they are already going there are 4
months fulfilling to the fullest, eh yes it is
It's true that I notice it in the mobility in
the weight we gain when I see myself in the
mirror because I see little things, the truth is I see
little things in the shape of the shoulders in
the in the form of here no eh From here
above What were these called? How were they
They called these the bracos, so the bracos
I notice my legs more than
I notice my legs more than the part
from above the truth the legs are
getting in very good shape because it is a
upper body one day, lower body one day
And then of course what is needed is
enhance the change with the with the
nutrition if you are eating what you
whatever you want. Of course.
no it doesn't work no
It works and getting up at 9 or
10 it's not dawn Pili, it's just that I don't
I'm saying go get up early, let's go
For me that is a big early morning but I
I don't have to get up early. What do you want for?
to get up early to get up early is to get up early
5 to 6 in the morning but for what?
damn I'm going to get up at 5 or 6 in the morning
Tomorrow I now when Lorena
start your studies I don't know if it is
next week or the other, whatever
I have to be with the children
the child with the child carrying him bringing him
he
Cole But you're fine, don't take a session
Olga, we have to get well, let's do it.
to
let's try, let's try to get to the
Prime Maybe
possible we will try to reach Prime
To the best of my ability
the midlife crisis, that is, you have to get there
You have to reach 40 in the
Prime I also started my change I started
for the sleep schedule and now I'm
Much better in health and character, eh?
Raquel The problem is that I the subject of
the schedules to see eh the subject of the
schedules what happens is that of course the
live content you can't do
a live show at 4 in the afternoon to see
how you can do whatever you want
as if it were in the morning but the
The live schedule is this then
If you go to the salseria still in fact
It's early for the salsa bar. Look at this.
What can I say about the sauce shop? Well, no.
It's okay to start at this time then
What I think is going to happen is that
I'm going to focus on fulfilling the
powerful schedule
and
And what if I have to do it live one day?
between salsa and another day the salsa bar
eh or Hey the days that I don't have to
wake up earlier because maybe
On weekends, yes, do it.
salsa bar at night and the two I don't know
I really don't know, I'll keep looking into it.
the march but it is true
but it is true that there is
that we must change these habits now
finish
of
of of of trying to get to my Prime
basically
Physically, it is what it is, but it is what it is
there is what there is, be it is what there is
Although it may not seem like it, I have 30%
fat
eh Although it may not seem like it, I'm 30
Well a 30 I don't think I have it yet but
When I started I had 30% fat
Now maybe I don't have it but I have it
a
[Music]
high a high fat potential of course
So I think now that we are
giving so much effort to the exercises
now that I have my balls on him
children's school theme adapt the
new schedule and good schedule schedule
person the truth schedule of being alive
Then we polish it with it.
the topic of Food, which is what
It's going to cost me more, eh, that is, me
really the topic that for me is
complicated Yes yes Silver let's see no more
I will be 30 but when I started 4 years ago
months I had a 30 I don't know if right now
I have it or I don't have it. Maybe I have it.
I have it, eh? Maybe I have it. Well, here it is.
the tummy the nipples And that continues
there but but man maybe I will have
downloaded something I understand I don't know the truth
But if you are eating what gives you the
win you do not enhance the exercise then
what I'm going to like the most
cost but not luar but does not depend on
that I last two days or three days or whatever
let it be luar if I have to carry
the children to school because
Lorena Lorena studies in the morning
start some studies, let's go, it's already started
last year but last year I had
other schedules and this year it is
practically the same schedule as the
school then I have the child there
that I take and pick up then I want
or I don't want to, it's not that I don't want to
It's just that I have the schedule, I have it.
what to bring to the table in the Marina clip
the other day it was very noticeable yes yes
Yes, yes, yes, it is noticeable, eh, I mean, during the day
It's not noticeable today, but I have plenty of it around here.
Look, I have a spare Padilla here, that is.
there are things left over and this is the
food you know, I mean there are too many things left over
there's a little bit of bar left over
and you have to gain more muscle too
so that's really what it looks like
You see, eh, theme and gym every day
perfect fulfilling we are achieving
goals and purposes
but
but you have the best coach
Spain living in Seville puts you
incredible Who is it
Lares Who is it send it to me but you
Are you referring to food or sports?
because I am not going to be the coach anymore
change I like this one I'm fine with it
but the topic of Food is what
What else is it going to cost me? I mean, now, now.
adapting to exercise adapting to
schedule Likewise the issue of
food that's what that's going to be for me
be the worst because I have the palate of
a child
small Ah that's a problem but oh well
Hey, the nutritionist I go to.
to
we start next week she brought
very well to many friends that I know
several to many not to several friends who
I know and Lorena when after the
second pregnancy Lorena was with her
and the truth is that the result was very
good, they understood each other very well
eh So the food issue is a
problem let's go it's not a problem it's going to happen
be but that is the one that is going to cost me
TRUE
That's the sacrifice it's going to cost me
true sacrifice because it is that I do not
likes nothing and is going to give me plates of
vegetable dishes of things Ugh And it's not
I don't like it at all but but it is the one
I have to do it yes or yes too
You know why in the end if I follow the whole
life doing what I make of eating
eating as I eat
in canny but I don't want the food
made for nothing because what do I want
the food
done what goes what goes
and that is if I continue doing what I do
eating like I will eat when I am 40 3
years will give me everything from all the
levels yes the nutritionist is from
Seville which I don't know what it's called if I
You're going to ask Christian. Well, I was
before the street was a roll and now it has
gone somewhere else Then I don't know where
It's over there now, I have it
targeted, that is, he is a trainer
host coach
but this one for when he calls me and goes to
the evening
eh places we can catch this where
will this be the one we can catch when I
call and go to the
evening is called gastronomic maturity
In food you have to grow.
[Music]
that is, yes, that topic is the one that is going to
be more complicated but well I imagine
Look, the nutritionist will do me a favor
recommending how to take the steps in
the changes in my diet No
I think suddenly from one day to the next
I'm going to skip eating potato omelette
with mayonnaise to eat hard things
that I don't like. I mean, I don't know, eh?
which is fabric, eh, or rather, in that sense
eh I've never tried to change the subject
of food
and
and and it has to be fixed because also
that I have cron You know It's that it's also
that I have Chrome is that if I don't
I do I'm going to have to that is with
porridge in 4 years is what I have
what to do
I have to do it, yes or yes.
So I understand that the
nutritionist I will tell you what I want
and and she she already
you will know but that is what will most concern me
cost you more to know than to go to the
gym more than more
[Music]
forget about brasp at 60 if not
You also change the power supply with chrome
exact
I can't believe what they have done to me
sent me I can't believe what they have sent me
mandate
They just sent me something that I eat
sea
true as it may be true
brutal yes yes yes yes Eduardo I already know I already know
I know I trust it will be
so I trust it will be
so ah
tiki tiki meow m
p piki meow meow
if what they are sending me is true
family
oh tremendous
eh As long as what was sent is true
tremendous Well let's start to see
things If you think it's okay eh For
justify a little the
In a moment, let's start with what I think
that I'm going to take less time and that and that we're going
to try to increase the intensity according to
keep the live streaming going, okay? And that's what it is
Silvia Bronchalo who has given some
small statements I understand that this
is
I don't know if it's the playground door
because here we have an image
from the door of the courts court no
pardon prison of
suratan vale There you have it
Silvia is sitting there I understand that
will be waiting for the schedule or something
the style you have to see the poor thing
Mother, you have to see what a mother is
mother that the woman is there in
literally the ass of the world and there is the
woman there
that and more things that she is trying
solve and move and
Furthermore, I feel sorry for the mother, even more so for her.
dewin to see obviously but no
I understand forever always queer as
that comparison every time you say
something of eh [ __ ] Daniel Sancho How has
[ __ ] the mother How he has [ __ ] the
family the life of the family always
There is a way to make the nuance of today's
Edwin, man, let's see family, I think.
that nuance is not necessary
evidently clear Ed Win has a
victim who is the victim of this
story a person who is not coming back
to the world and that it will not be able to do so
to be able to see again, obviously not
but we must not forget that this woman
hasn't done anything, so what is this woman doing?
It is her fault that she gave birth to that person
good boy boy that son has not
done that no I mean she is a
ballot is that there are many things or so
I don't know if you feel worse about it.
mother than Daniel Sancho himself or
The father has the attitude that he has, it's worth it
but the father doesn't kill him either
Nobody, the father, what happens is that well
He's very cool, very arrogant, eh?
putting your foot in it completely is okay.
There are those who understand it with that arrogance
with that arrogance and then he falls badly
People don't want to understand how disliked they are.
Well, you know how it is, but this mother is
mother has to meet with her
proof that your son is a murderer
Okay, I mean, imagine if you find out that you
son is a murderer because you can
suspect that he is aggressive that he is a that
It's a fine garment, but it's a killer.
world-renowned vale killer
eh And apart from that
a contrary and parallel feeling is
that you are suffering because your son
He is in a prison in Thailand where
probably won't survive Then why
On one hand your son is a murderer and on the other
side you are worried about what is
going on inside the prison, watch out for that, eh?
It's that it's strong, it's that it's strong, well
is strong and is where it is
logically but but very very well yes I have
seen on Friday and this week because not
They have compressed me eh the visits are one
dismembering murderer, eh, how heavy, eh?
weekly visit is not like in samu where
you can see him every day and well, I
have compressed the visits have had
That difference and nothing, so happy
is in a period of adaptation now is
In another prison there are more people there are more
prisoners of all kinds and there are other rules
is in an isolation module if you
They are there until some time passes and
They classify them depending on the sentence
or depending on what they have done
right now we're going to see, it's going to be the worst
people with 14 more people inside
The bad thing is that it's good, it's very
[Applause]
strong
and God of my life eh God of my life I
The truth is that I feel very sorry for her
mother too
eh I feel very sorry for the mother but
is that on top of all that
It's worth the treatment they're giving him.
They don't count on her at all for the issue
from the messages of the
father a total nonsense
eh nonsense eh how it has to be
that's for the coconut
family What move does he have to make on you?
coconut there
eh how do you have to do that for him
Coco Bueno to
see
Hey, I have to say one thing that I
I don't know if you know it, but Antonio
David yesterday
He answered the controversy in a way that is worthwhile
quite peculiar I don't know if you have
seen the extracts I have uploaded today from
that Rem remember uploaded another video no
explaining the topic and laughing a little
from the moderator who came out to defend him
and then it turns out in case you haven't
found out that another youtuber came out
creator also with quite a few videos
worked to say that he had put or
had requested a strike from YouTube
that is not there Well look The video is here
still this video doesn't remove it
Hey, if a peseta gave each
Spanish but not me where they have to
My kitty and I listening to you. Greetings.
Javi a kiss a kiss eufe Thank you very much
I was just blown away by something.
You look, you see
This has Antonio's intro
David or so this video is after what
that about Rem remember is worth it eh
first uploaded this
which is a video of Torbe that this video
They are supposed to send him a strike
I don't know if he has found out or not
aware because he doesn't remove it later
Rem remember was here in the middle that
He removed that when Rem remembered him.
put the comment and now in this one
from this
Look, look, this is the intro of
Antonio Abi but
[Music]
I don't understand
what is this
this
presents Ah well it's another intro it's another
intro is that I have seen it like this on the deo
I've seen it a little
weird well I don't know it was another intro okay
But well it turns out that another one came out
boy yesterday saying that what he
I wanted him to give me a strike
basically Okay then why anton
had done the same thing, taking a video of him
that he had liked to put some on it
filters blah blah blah it's worth the same
exactly what rhyme no And then
Antonio
David this direct that is what he did
Last night he first kept it secret
in private all day and makes a
while he has returned to what he has published no
I know why you've had it in private for a long time
after so many hours, Venom is worth it. Venom is worth it.
call YouTube okay but it turns out to be
that
starts with one
locution with a voice I understand
Artificial intelligence or Loquendo or
some of that
Ok, success is often the result
from a combination of talent and work
hard and yes a little bit of luck but a
luck that is mostly sought after
and built is not just a matter of
trust but also respect
To respect someone means to value their
struggles and triumphs recognizing the journey
unique that each of us traces in
search for our dreams therefore to
identify someone in your life who
persists in devaluing successes
outsiders consider this a sign
red Okay and it's basically a phrase
talking about the success of people who
achieve success and not from the envious
who try to trip up the
people who are successful we enter with
a behavior as old as the
own society but which remains
one of the most destructive and
character revealers the spread
of gossip and rumors the practice of
spread unverified information or
distorted that there are people who spread
gossip Okay or or information no
verified about someone is not just a
a question of misapplied social etiquette
It is a weapon chosen by people
maliciously intended to sow discord
feed that basically there are people who
You spread hoaxes, oh this, but this sounds familiar to me
I am living a Gabo that
They are basically spreading hoaxes, okay?
There are people spreading hoaxes to create
discord and fights and things like that are fine
and in a way that corrodes reputations and
damaging reputation is far from being a hobby
harmless is a calculated strategy
used by those seeking
position themselves in a more favorable light
frequently at the expense of others
spread rumors whether these are based on
distorted truths or lies
complete these individuals Create a
atmosphere
toxic the toxic ones that create hoaxes and
They spread hoaxes, okay? And they grow like
stepping on others
worth where trust becomes
an even more pernicious collateral victim
is the effect that such behaviors
have on the social fabric and
professional in an environment where
rumors are running loose harmony is
replaced by suspicions and the
Collaboration gives way to competition
disloyal those who are dedicated to
gossip demonstrates a lack of
integrity and
[Music]
empathy those who are those who are
They gossip and have no empathy.
family those who are dedicated to
gossip
prioritizing their petty interests in
detriment of collective well-being
spreading gossip and rumors is in
essence a reflection of insecurity and
desire to
manipulation of individuals who resort to
Such tactics are often felt
threatened by the success or esteem of
others unable to compete in terms
of merit or Carter
5 minutes is worth a 5 minute speech
minutes I heard her before taking out the
dog and and comes to comes to say that that
people who are envious Okay then
Since they are jealous, they try to step on you.
to others because they are envious
because they are looking at their eyes all day long
numbers and in their success and in their character and
all those things, that is, it comes to comes to
blaming everyone is worth having
invented a hoax and they are
criticizing and that
what what what you
I say what I tell you okay
Hey, what I'm telling you is that it comes to say that
the phrase is worth it to me, it has been worth it to me
remembered this
look
Look, something I didn't expect at all.
Okay
something I didn't expect
nothing the habi oliveira is the one who forms
I have not seen more people in all this
This man is incredibly vengeful.
In short, nothing is the family's fault.
Javi Oliveira has it
that it is Javi Oliveira's fault
see I think he doesn't say anything during
all the live to see family How
You are studying at the center of my house and
Well tonight we're going to have a
quite direct
interesting we are going to have a
direct a little music here from
background mind
we were already ahead
fulfill I don't know if anyone who saw the
directly knows if at any time they have
I've talked about the subject again but I haven't
arrived
nothing is there anyone who has seen the
direct and tell me if they have talked about it
topic has said something more or something for the
style it's Javi's fault he's a found
of an artist from Panama called
chombo I'm doing somersaults Oh yes it is
the voice of an artist from Panama and the
the writing is about something or something
some poem that Antonio had written
inspired by the afternoon but come on But
What am I telling you? I mean, out of
the irony and the family joke
eh Let's see, man, he chose a video of a
YouTube channel has chosen a video
What a kid has come up with is fine.
He has not chosen one, he has chosen several.
you have done it several times with several
creators okay eh now what happens is
that they caught you
but man you took a video of a
kid who thinks that [ __ ] on you
have you eh you have downloaded it you have cut it
the parts you didn't like and you have
removed you have put some filters on
both voice and video so that you don't
skip the copyright and you and you
you uploaded to your
channel has no place here, not even envy
Neither the one who dedicates himself to gossip nor the one who
talk about others or the one who does nothing uncle or
be how how the other is going to be guilty
because they have you
Javi envies the voiceover was a mistake
Man, I understand that it must have been because
error because if not it doesn't fit me
but what is it that I do not do this?
I understand it clearly, let's go, I don't understand it
that what about that what about that has been
out of envy, let's see, my son, it is that I
I understand that it is perfectly normal that
the youtuber himself comes out and exposes it
what happened to him
with you it's okay, let's go to the one that would have been
messed up if it were the other way around you know what it is
would have been messed up if it were the other way around and then
and then and then no no apologize
because it is not
and no we can't do this. I mean, hey, you don't
you knew you could take away one that didn't
you could remove a video from another person
Well, maybe I didn't know that.
I understand that this is something that is logically
that is ASSUMED to be valid But hey, maybe not
Okay, maybe there are people who don't know.
that you can't take the video from someone else
YouTube channel and upload it as
yours but not to me they have a kiss
Fran But well, at least I didn't go out anymore.
and I apologized because you didn't
you have to apologize to people
The video was from those kids. Well
write to the kids and say hey
My sincere apologies I am new to
this YouTube thing and I really liked it
your video and look I was wrong No
what less but to come out with that this is
fruit of the envy of the one who is
pending on your numbers and your
successes that I don't know, I don't know if it's worse
the answer or reaction is worth it I don't know
if it is worse to have this reaction
that what he has done in himself Look at what
that you
I say now he knows 100% and has another
video and has the other video still there
exactly
Yesterday with Tania's explanation I almost
convince me and I become blue sea man
Tania's explanation It was quite
convincing I am that whenever Tania
defend someone, I'm with her full eh
I always defend someone when Tania defends them.
with her it's totally worth it, that is, Tania said that
Well, it was 36 minutes. You're welcome.
It wasn't the full video therefore
that was not the intention of stealing it from him
and what and what I edited it And that pointed out the
having edited it a little bit Not much No
a lot but a little bit to put it more
nice that sign that it was not wanted
to stay with the work of
another me let's go to me Tania the explanation
that it fits me, eh, it fits me.
to me
Of course, but is it really you?
You say and you leave And what are you going to say? Well, no.
you go out and don't say anything but don't put a
phrase that days that others tell you
they are envious
dude don't go out and and and put a voiceover
saying that others are jealous of you
uncle and privately to the creators to whom
that you have done it to him, then ask for forgiveness
don't send him a message as if he were
let's go, the lack that he sends him one
representative if he catches the
time when they worked in me
made a Ray my trium Thank you very much my
Jose What's up welcome to the people who
who comes for Jose
Welcome to everyone who comes by
Jose How did you spend today here?
It's Wednesday, Wednesday, it's true.
With Wednesday, Jos does the live show of what
you have talked about today what you have talked about
Today Well look we are waiting for
have the sentence and when we have the
sentence because we will surely get together
in a short live show and Triun and I read it
Javi lack of humility that's what
It's clear to me that's the a man
to see the performance with humility would have
been not to do it is that not
[Music]
I saw the live teleindiscreta
commented this morning Ah so yes
There are more, there are more answers but it hasn't been
uploaded then you know that is the part that
has cut then of course here in
I can't find the live one anymore
nothing then it turns out that there was
more and has
cut to Mira Verdad who is speaking
no no he's not talking it's Rendo and
spot
Car D has stolen the voice, his name is 21
Stoic lessons to transform your
life But let's see The Voice can be used
not the voice It's an artificial intelligence
We are not going to control here either.
millimeter that the boy cannot grasp
a V as long as you don't take a video
literally take a path Maybe even
a writing Although the writing was that
It won't be yours, okay. Although the writing doesn't
not be yours
2:49 or so but 249 of the live Antonio
I understand
No, even if the writing was not yours, no
It's okay, you put it with an I and such a Y
Well, it's a thing that you've put together what
It is not normal to take a full video
sure damn Well in 249
We are what you told me 249 what else
Hey, a kinder country
and I'm so sorry if anyone
feels like he takes it personally, eh? But
Well this is what there is And this is what
that we have to fight with all our might
energy, look Fran, that
I was there just the other day
involved in a controversy and let's go I don't know
eh I tried to solve it in a way
private in the end practically almost that
I was conditioned to have to because of
the amount of messages on Twitter I saw
practically conditioned to having to
write a tweet publicly now
that I understood
that that Hey that what what yours was
address the person who
In this case it had been taken for granted
harmed by having made a mistake
that that that I committed it and precisely
This person when it comes to putting me in
contact with her she told me that she had no
absolutely nothing to talk to me about
Javi It's not an ia it's another piece of another
video I can't believe it
carlas I can't believe it And why not
has read it
he
eh, I mean, I don't know
Look, it's clear that we've been without it for days.
talk and and it has come up then
the matter was not And besides it was a subject that I
Obviously I wanted to give because I wanted to
play because I wanted to eh I don't know then
explain a little bit without going into
too many details Because in reality
There are few details. No, I am
and I edit a video Fran I edit a video
and that video
I find it in a person who
works at YouTube which has a channel of
YouTube and there is a part of a part of a
video of him that I think is very appropriate
for a topic that I want to discuss
and that video of this person has
television content of different
televisions obviously
eh we all know that the videos that
that we all put, eh, colleagues
YouTube eh I'm not going to believe it
explanation that I think is going filters no
especially those who go with topics of
television no eh Therefore I have to
I can't believe editing that video
that he says that the filter thing has happened to him
position because it has the
television does not even say the name of the
channel boy it's true
What was the Rem remember video?
name was was of big brother or of
Martian Chronicles because it was about
Carlos El
No, man, you've given yourself a name.
very complicated uncle ponte
name you know the video was new
besides
Hey, you know the video was this one.
the video was true
new or the video was this clear this
who is with him
book and the excuse he gives is that he takes that
there is television content
10 seconds and we'll be back on Sardá's antenna
here the self is here here and it begins to
go out
blood and nobody did anything Kiko that was it
chronicles that wonderful program
that everyone Every time I get involved
so good in 2003 he entered to participate
stew base and within six months
if you gain weight, if you gain weight
we could face you what I
you're getting fat, that's the balls, that's what it is
You have little that we could see
fight with Coto Matamoros with Aida Nzar
And perhaps the most famous one against Antonio
David Flores according to Kiko Hernández
in 2022 who was also working at the time
in the program And He Was Also
former contestant of Big Brother El Joyería
He slapped Antonio David who
He threw him to the entrance door
verbatim words I shared with Big Brother
with him and I had many problems with him and
I also spent years in chronicles
Martians with
Well the video is about 30 something years old.
minutes and by mistake at the time of
edit I was editing different videos
e Well then, hey, that video comes out in
premiere making a mistake because I had another one
content to put
They come out in the premiere because by mistake because
had other content for
put but you uploaded a video by
mistake I make a mistake and that video comes out
the next day, that is, I already got myself
I forget the next day I go in to see
but of course this is because he believes that
this works
no but of course because for the audience
yours does work
No, of course, because I tell you this.
mother and my mother heals it. Of course.
because my mother doesn't know how it works
YouTube
Clear
clear to see to upload a video in
YouTube you have to take you have you
that coming here is worth it you have to give it to
upload video
Okay, you give it here now, wait a moment
makes me look a bit strange
ok imagine ok
Look, you have to go to the folder where
You have the video, it's also worth it.
Look, look, imagine you have to go to
the folder where you have the video and now
you point out the video is worth p This video that
Look, okay. And now you have to go.
going up and now apart from going up it
You have to put a title, eh, you have to
come you have to activate monetization
Put the ads on the part of the
video that you like or rather no no no
If you accidentally upload a video, you won't lose it.
video on YouTube So you have to come
for here you have to fill out this
tea everything is correct you put it or so
Of course I understand that the best thing for the
the people who follow your channel Oh damn
I have removed it I am
fool sure clear they are people who are
older people may not and and and
They believe that it does without
want yes he is telling me that he
He said that he edits the videos. But
That's true, eh, I mean, he does edit.
the videos
Let's see, this had little editing, this is it
What I had were some filters so that
he would break the copyright But he did
that I have had proof that it is published
when I talked a lot with Marta
Antonio is editing
you know one more country
kind I'm sorry if
someone what had happened in Big Brother
in Big Brother Revolution Well then I know
perfectly How the move
things I know perfectly well how they moved
At that time but of course I that
I understood that it was an action
e positive positive for complaint
positive
for audiovisual media
positive for people's health
positive knowledge but clear
You put all these tools in the
Service of evil and you also organize everything
This in a complete and coordinated manner
and you also know perfectly well the
situation in which
It is clear that it is
inexplicable had to give to
message the controversy created by
a before the mistake that video and
react Hey, what a wonderful video of
vision not and therefore I have to
edit that
video the video is about 30 something
minutes and by mistake at the time of
edit I was editing different videos
and
eh Well then Hey that video comes out in
premiere making a mistake because I had another one
content to put I make a mistake and it comes out
that one comes out
the next day, I mean, I forget
The next day I go in to see the
comments and such Hey, how wonderful
from the video of the jewelry such
jewelry automatically when I see the
video I remove it I remove it So that is
when he gets the comments Hey
What a wonderful video about Jojas.
that's what he says
jojas but you have put the title to
Antonio video
I saw and you put one on it
thumbnail of course I put a thumbnail
about big brother that doesn't smell that doesn't
It's that we're reminding me of one
that I know with the excuses
precisely because it was a video that
It was edited in such a way to
start a
direct and treat
eh fragments of that video and react
losos and also Fran
eh As I have done on some other occasions
few occasions but with some other
partner who has uploaded to my channel
recommending that people leave
to that channel and see its content and
that this is not true But this is not the
that got me into trouble because I made the excuse
when I made up with that youtuber
Hey, I gave you an excuse that
it was not the truth, it is true that you
I lied because I didn't want to tell you things
that I had spoken to him and such that
then with time if I have told you
What was the real reason why
we had a rapprochement and because of it
we tried to fix it and all that stuff
okay it was for a person who
contacted him and and he helped me and he helped me
He sent some audios and some messages of
that person but I put one on you
excuse not to go in and tell that's worth it
I don't remember what I told you.
I remember what it was that you
I said I don't remember what it was that you
I said but I remember that I put one for you
excuse Yes look I'm getting along with
he for this I don't remember what it was No
Well, the one that got me into trouble for that and the one that you see
that he has thrown it in my face Yes yes because
you lied to people you lied to people
I don't know what, I don't know how much and Tania
also in a live debate I told it to me
Tania also made it clear that
and this that you are trying to do to him
Colat you now to the people
and that you were wrong, I already uploaded a
video no it was not a white lie
not even I mean no he was not pious nor
It wasn't even because I didn't love you.
I'll tell you about an anonymous aunt here.
Well, anonymous, an aunt who had
become obsessed with me and started sending him
audios to this youtuber and the youtuber with
good intention I understand it was put in
contacted me, sent them to me and
showed what was happening And [ __ ] you want that
No, so we started chatting on the phone.
and so we gave ourselves another chance that
lasted two weeks I think it was you know and no
I remember what excuse I gave you that yes
It is true that I told you something that
It wasn't the truth but I don't remember which one
It was the excuse I gave you, I remember that
Then I told you, no, look, it happened like this.
and which but I don't remember what it was
I don't remember what I said to him
I wanted to take out by Antonio David Ah Es
true something like that I said it's true it's true
I said something like that. Yes, it's true, it's true.
Yes, let's go, we both started fighting again.
weeks for a disagreement and such No
but let's go that I am that this is
like this is like when they tell me that
I lied about the cryptocurrency thing, it's that
I don't have to be completely
honest with the people here man
evidently in a case like this yes
You have to be honest because you have been
caught okay
But in all aspects of my life no
I have to be honest and that is not being
a liar who hides things from people
is that I don't have to be completely
To be honest with you, I don't have to
tell you how much I earn and how much I don't
I win if something comes to me that I have to do
pay if I don't have to pay it
Hey, I don't have to be completely
sincere with the people in the audience
audience In whose head do you fit I am
honest with absolutely everyone
you arrive at your post
work and you tell him about the powders that
you spent the night with your husband or
you
[Music]
hiding it and you're saying that
you went up without
you uploaded it without wanting
want and that you had it for
react but to react already
you have on the Channel of
kid So to react you need to
you put a title and a thumbnail
and that you had other content prepared
to go up that it was not that voucher And
What other content did you have?
prepared Why hasn't it been uploaded?
still no no no me
block that they subscribe Well then
normal eh being obviously eh
with whatever I want Dolores says
you are doing pains all the time
program with Antonia I saw today with Antonia
I saw then I'm going to do it inside a
We have been with Francua for a while now
also talking a bit about Silvia
Bronchalo and Daniel Sancho with what I
I can do it if I want to.
We are on YouTube and that's what it's for
freedom of expression you want to give me
you her
rundown
I ask gratefully, that is to say, the
That was my intention, huh?
before the error of uploading that video that does not
was the one who had to go up because as
I insist that video was to react in
a live that was going to be done on the day
next Monday and then I'll be
They even took away my desire to see myself
forced to put a tweet that I have it
here on screen no and and I put given the
controversy created by content that by
error I uploaded to my channel yesterday I mean
that at no time did I want to appropriate
of the content of a partner would not do
I will speak about that in an intentional way
with him privately thanks to everyone or so
I had to give explanations when
I understood that the explanations were
I had to give him a message in a way
private message that I am sending you with the intention of
get in touch
to be able to speak and to be able to give the
I don't see any timely explanations
have to give an explanation to the public
You have to give it to her, girl, but but
public not the public is talking about
something that happened and that the kid
has made public The kid made a
public complaint in a thread and the
gossip channels we talked about it
evidently because it was
wonderfully spectacular okay And you
You have to deal with the kid Y
then later the kid would have come out
and I would have said, well, look, he gave me
explanations I don't know what I don't know how much anymore
She has asked me for forgiveness or whatever.
but of course what you want is us
to sneak in what you want to sneak in is that you
you have made a mistake and little more than the video
he has uploaded himself
then understand me people of course I
I understand that there will be ladies who do not
They know that this can't work like this.
that there are many steps to take to get there
a that that video is
Suba told me that he had absolutely no
nothing to talk to me there are people who are
that it is inexplicable that it has risen
video eh in premiere of 30 something
minutes obviously clear that it is
inexplicable because it is a mistake
Ah no, there is no other, in fact yes
would have had some kind of but apart
that Antonio David is the one who is doing the video
had an intro and a
another one is worth it and apart from that he has done it more
times or if he did it that day
before I think that look
This one sees him and puts one on him
intro puts your intro or sets video and
takes inside the video and puts it whole
Look, let's go whole then.
It says from minute 3 we are talking
5 minutes of the video that you liked And
then they put to
another then of course how not I don't understand
I think it's a reaction, but well, no
It works, damn it, it doesn't work
damn it's okay
intention to have appropriated the
content that as they have been saying
etc
Well then
I probably could have cut the
parts where this youtuber appears but
It's more that it's that I
was interested part
from the story that this youtuber has
about that great content
brother because I felt like it
and debate about that point of view
that
he makes allusion while they leave
seeing images as I say of great
brother of Mercedes Mila
from the inside of Big Brother with the
Yoy with his behavior With faina
eh I don't know really
I have been editing videos these days
and there is a video
I also edited a clip where I use
a part also of
another youtuber and I put it in credits O
I want to be
tell you ah
if a Peta every
Spain but they don't have to remember me
which forced juanjus to erase all of His
content and this one only left the introduction
and
farewell with a strike I don't remember
about that one
YouTuber, I can't give you an opinion because I don't know.
which
It was that I'm trying to check
one thing Yes
I could If I could see it I would tell you in
one second
Obviously if I had had any
type of
intention to absolutely appropriate
nothing I say
no I don't know I would have named him I would have
but
you definitely don't know what could have happened
to roll in in
Twitter you don't know why in the end the
more harmed than harmed has ended
being
benefited if you have many more videos
to upload or more direct ones to do and
Tell me, tell me. But well, David. It's that I
this
This extreme I was referring to before
a few minutes how is it possible that a
injured party becomes
beneficiary doing this doing this
Yeah
one that we are
Well, you'll see now with the
error as they say in Granada the hundreds and
hundreds of videos is not credible because it is
see that no one has sent a WhatsApp
wrongly to another it is seen that to no one
This has happened to him no more than to you
to
My sole to Yolanda is that I am seeing
but it doesn't let me load, I don't know if my
luare this way luare
you are luare you are
Yes Elena It's that she has done it for
fame Elena what do you think about me
followed David on Twitter today
sumer wolf to see wolf Do one thing you to
see if you know that it doesn't load me no
I know why
what I don't like, man
let's see what I want to see
It's in the W
Machine quintu quintu Do it yourself
quintu quintu Speak you
Quintu, I want you to look at this on the web.
Machine this no
This voucher here suddenly Anton mentions
that's good, what's the problem with him?
has uploaded this and given credit to the
boy is worth in the
description Okay then on the web
Machine Look at this and tell me if it is
description was from the first
moment that it doesn't load I don't know why
I have left
Blanca I am happy with this gentleman.
dice curls
guaranteed good who can do it
look who knows how to look at it in the wea
Machine where is Vania going Where is that
Where is that capture Vania?
Let's see what I need in this video
know if this credit thing was
before or has
modified rowing said that he didn't give it to him
credits yes Rem remember Yes but of course
have
fact that put Rem's capture of this
This description rhymed it from the
his but rimmar put it of his not of
this one is not going to be seen. Wait, wait.
is that as if there is a capture of
that if there is a capture of that I don't
I will be able to
ions
enough that I am
uploading if there is a screenshot of that I
I'm not going to
power there is no capture of the
video if there is a capture of heo watch it
has put the credit after look at it if
There is a catch But how are you going to do it How
You go How are you going to lie Look look look
look no no no no look
look
eh You don't know eh I want
Obviously if I had had
some kind of intention to appropriate
absolutely nothing
I say
no I don't know I would have named him
but in
you definitely don't know the
[Music]
that
view to which
he has alluded while
that I was interested in this youtuber
appears could have cut the parts
where look [ __ ] I've lost the word
look look and there is a video
I also edited a clip where I use
a part also of
another youtuber and I put it in credits O
I want to tell you and I put it in
credits says or this refers to
This one who has put it here in credit
you see good
Well we have the capture and no
you see the film director, the
film director September 8 and no
was in
credit is there and he doesn't care and he doesn't give a damn
Maybe you see it, I hadn't put it in
credit or anything that wouldn't fix it
nothing because you put me there in
the description doesn't make you upload
the whole video you know but
Obviously I want to tell you when
another channel eh that they are
demanding that I don't know what levels
because when I see it I laugh my ass off
And I say, but what are these people talking about?
this this what are they talking about or rather and me
I go crazy because I say they carry
three days beating this man up
Please, I'll tell you one thing. I am you and
I'll take another one tomorrow with two balls and it
I put it because they are going to talk about it anyway.
It's amazing how I am you tomorrow
I take another video that how it will be and that
start talking nonsense I was yesterday
I heard them say the policeman is from
truth with nicknames with things
unpleasant that do not fit in
my head that they say is the subject of the
week that or rather some things that I say for
please with the [ __ ] we have in
This country that appears on the news
every day they say this is the one
topic of the week let's see what I'm here for
Pedro Sánchez no
I speak about Pedro Sánchez here.
I speak clearly, I speak of
This is a piece of gossip, it's nonsense.
And about the kid Mira, I don't even know him.
I don't know who it is and I'm not interested but it's there
delighted or rather he said it yesterday that I am
delighted Because they open channels of
YouTube talking about me, well, welcome.
Welcome and Congratulations eh Really and
He's been on Twitter all day and I've been
Things happened to me now I want to comment
Now I want to comment, I'll leave it to you.
you no no no end sun no no end
finished just that If it is that
There isn't much that I said about
This guy doesn't
or a video of yours live no Because
It's not anything special either.
You will see that here everyone can see the
newspaper archives and in the live list
What's up? And as some say, that's
that does it many times that is a
Authentic
falsehood In short,
Not that they don't recognize the error, but look
you eh what I know is that what do you want?
It's worth it to you What's the point of taking and and and saying
that's not true, uncle, and say no, no, look
I did it with another one the other day too
example I put it in the credits and it is
lie ah
and then it gets worse but this is not the worst
because look imagine Well then it is
done it has done it wrong you know I don't know
He hoped he would have this
impact is worth it if we all
we are wrong the problem is not that all
we were wrong the problem is eh that you
make a clip of him telling you that he doesn't [ __ ]
content from no one who doesn't talk about
third parties that is very authentic and
They have to play the live shows. That's where it is.
where the problem is, there is the
problem grandpa time always gives you
reason that to start second dismount
the third min the villains of this
channel regarding time agrees with me
if what they just told me is true
send by
email there's going to be a movie, I'll let you know
I say the boy because here he basically says
that this that that that even if he asks for forgiveness
It's not a mistake because he did the same thing
with my video with the stories video
from Venom Vale then
eh on one side is the video that has
uploaded this gentleman Antonio David Flores and
on the other side is my video then
Rimena says that they wrote to us yesterday
to tell me what was happening
same modus operandi of the 8 minutes of
my video gets more than five
click the voice image filters new
title new thumbnail and zero credits
nowhere here see also the
credits that do not
There is why guys are we going to see
one other thing but I have to say something
eh I just realized
[ __ ] yeah I just realized that
we are 5000 away
It's 12 o'clock, man, I'm going to go to the
La Salsería channel, uncle, there are a couple of
topics in the salsería
I think I'm going to go to the salseria and I'm going
to deal with Fran's thing there, man, because I have
Here are a couple more things from the salsería
what to see
Uncle and I'm going to go there to see what's going on
Fran, yes, we are going to see it here.
of the Art of
Troy
because because it is tremendous
but they just sent me a video
that I think is in the sauce shop
interesting
Ah, what do I do?
Uncle, what do I do? Lu madare
not to the salseria when we see this
Well, let's see, I've found myself with
This is how I found it, I saw it
Because I follow Salome and when she has
I've gone out and freaked out with disgust
eh when it came out I freaked out but
disgusting eh
to Point to Point as we almost go two
more theater lessons and I can cry
Even in the past we did not face
your Twitter nonsense for others
people But but when I heard
say the atrocities they said about
She That sensitivity as a mother as
woman the atrocities that they said of
She is this lady to say one more word
fat woman is doing is doing
reference to when I said thank you
To God these are some words that have been given to him
dedicated history of flight to Anne in
plan in solidarity with a
barbarities that this man said and to the
nature some men some
women and men like me did not have
children something that the lady was awarded
lazne and I'm still waiting for it
publicly rectify
because she quickly associated it with
a loss that he had last year that
I was not knowledgeable and I never tire of
Say it, I'm not your boyfriend nor am I your father
neither your brother nor your neighbor nor the
nurse who treated you in the hospital
nor the gazebo that put you in the chair
I'm not even in a hurry to get you to the emergency room
Your gynecologist is not your pediatrician, nor am I
nothing of yours
Aunt Then I'm already tired of the comic strip
It's that what I say always
be it for you or for Elena or for her
This is the one who is talking or for
anyone who wants to victimize themselves
Our coast is already a little tiring
topic eh The topic is getting a little tiring
If you have an abortion, you don't have it.
It's my problem ma'am if you have a lot
desire to be a mother There are many ways to
being a mother, no matter how harsh it is. Imagine that
if it weren't for what it is
Obviously we all know that
yes okay eh he has it he has the face
dislocated from hatred simply by looking
the camera and talking is worth that for
start and second HM you could have more
sensitivity speaking about the subject is worth it
But of course, what are we going to ask of a guy?
who has not had solidarity with him or with
a supposed illness that he suffers from
so many people and that makes us lose so many
relatives and the uncle of the uncle together with
his buddies have made fun of that
disease like that of hunger
inventing that he had seen staples
inventing that the other spoke badly
because the chemo had hurt her
throat and was starting to talk
again So what are we going to ask him?
to be sensitive to a topic like
This is obviously not valid because
he is a bad person he is a bad person
listen and no matter how crude all life is
since the human being exists there is
women who have had children and women
that they have not been able to
have it and women who could be some
what an incredible piece of mother and God bless you
God gives him that, to say something, he doesn't give him that.
that son that she so desires and others
that could be labeled as animals that
They give birth like rabbits and they don't take care of themselves
of those children who either end their lives or
thousand
things but that has nothing to do with it
with you or with me I'm already tired
I repeat, I am not the one who has the subject.
nothing of yours no one close to you
trust me, I'll tell you this has happened to me and
I later released that blow to you
so you can [ __ ] yourself
We know Lili at what moment he lets go
that joke and what is it about?
completely related to alne
I understand
No
You understand, I think. I hope it is clear now.
because you are a bunch of sick people
mentally that you know nothing more than
to hurt and screw up other people's lives
in a thousand possible ways
possible ways I'm already a little bit
fed up with
you and completely demandable
comp and Mier you want to be a mother Make one
in vitro fertilization
put yourself in that on the list of
adoptions do whatever the [ __ ] you want
but leave me alone
aunt leave me alone and that's the balls
He hasn't said anything to him, so he's been there for 5 years.
months without appearing in the
Javi has said it more times
chihua and puppy
buy a chihuahua and I'll have it.
I can't have a pet, I have a son.
pet buy yourself a chihuahua buy one
repulsive canary the group eh That's it
Well the joke that seems to be the culprit
I am the one who is responsible for the abortion and your frustration
As a woman I am to blame for
your frustrations find a life aunt
Don't waste your life chasing Javier.
oliveira filling the path with
focus on your own thing and maybe or
having had it before that was the fault of her
In the end, Javi Oliveira is to blame
In the end, I don't know how it ended up. But
In the end, it's not his fault.
Javi Oliveira has it at
end instead of waiting until you are 40
had them with
20 is the fault of many women of
These last generations await you
for work and for history to give birth with
40 and at 40 you no longer stop with the same
easily do not give in pregnant that with
20 is raw Yes but there is a man
can have children since since
develops until it dies but one
woman not then based on your watch
biological to do things instead
to put the channels of
Javier Oliveira, dedicate yourself to your life and to
have children if you want it so much
you would wish it so much p ahead the
Javier Veira's channels and that's what
It happens and it's the balls and if you haven't
If you could have had it, you take it and adopt me.
I'm already leaving the little song on my face
disjointed
face the face disfigures uncle of hatred that
has inside and if you have not been able to have it
you take it and it adopts you and I already
stop me from singing the little song that I
I have said these things are brutal to the
I can be a brutal lady and I can be
quite a bit more and it is
well but no one is responsible for what
You decide in your life and in the
consequences of your
decisions don't make me guilty of
what you decided at the time or from
the problems that you have had throughout
throughout your life eh Because it's like I
I blame you all
world of my ills or my defects
genetic or the problems that I
I can have it, I don't point at anyone.
I accept what I have and I accept who
I am but what I'm not doing is out there
is screwing up life
people understand nor do I lose my bitter life
existence to others that is what
I don't do
It's that the joke is already enough with the
Ma'am is fine, no one is blaming you.
to him that of a biological thing
evidently no one is blaming him
They are pointing that out for him
for making fun of a person for
that same thing your friends did
that they are no longer friends Rebeca is Eh
compile
rui
Okay, we can't open our mouths because everything
He points it out to her and hey, come on
Something soft No, no, it's not that he says it for
me but what the [ __ ] do I know about you
Life, the only thing I know is that it makes me
Mine makes my life impossible
on YouTube it makes it impossible for me every time
that I can then that's what I know
of you who likes to [ __ ] and [ __ ] and [ __ ]
and [ __ ] and [ __ ] because you're a bad person
Since you are a bad person, you cannot
nothing good comes out in life And wait for it
May karma come and go to you
one host after another coming to you
Life will give it to you on its own, prepare yourself and in
instead of losing your life behind
Following in the footsteps of Javier Oliveira
dedicate yourself to living your
life Look face
Dear, dedicate yourself to living your life.
Elena the other one and the one on the motorcycle and Javier
oliveira who does his thing
while he has four channels
By generating money you have a life
sad chasing to see what the [ __ ] they bite
What the [ __ ] are you doing? Let's see who I answer.
see what you answer me are you
losing your life behind the
youtubers is that I don't even know
What do I have to do with this, eh?
I have actually encountered this
Okay, and I don't even know what I have.
what to see eh To start with just like
any of my friends have had it
How much are you controlling yourself, babe?
x kayo is not worth it, it is not worth it
sorry I also tell you one thing eh I
I say four things to this guy, this guy doesn't
He's going to sue for [ __ ], okay?
simply because it will reduce you to
We are going to see this character
eem out part that has no type
of sense and is completely demandable
and I would even dare to say a crime
of hatred for the atrocities that have just happened
exhort this type okay eh I don't understand nor
What do you look like, Jai Oliveira?
blaming that he could not go to the
life in another way because because because
Keep going, Jaily, I know what's the point?
It's like he's behind the YouTubers
I don't know what that nonsense is worth.
nonsense that alanne is interested or you
behind to see if he catches something Look at the
the only one behind an ass
losing
absolutely any kind of respect
of people and getting things done
completely disgusting to see if
catch something it's you
loser the one you said she was
your friend who doesn't say you're not friends
none of you are not friends none of you
You guys from behind are like, well, no
I'm going to put it, I'm not going to say like the one who
Ok, but the only ones who have gone behind
of a person they can't stand
see if trincabelli
because if alanne wanted she would have had
what others have had who have not
deserved from me and that today
They are still scratching at me and they don't know it.
They deserved it and I regret it very much.
If I had known what they were like, they would not have shown up.
neither nor nor that I smell them from me
environment and my surroundings and and of
talk about the things that are around
by Javi Oliveira and when it is not by
Javier Oliveira is one of my friends, okay?
wings I would have liked wings I would live on
He hasn't done this for 4 years because
He doesn't want to and I'm the one who
I insist that he comes so that such and such
which is always on its own and no
she wanted at the moment she wanted
She can have it and how many others
I feel like helping them, okay?
That's what I'm here for, to help you if you
you want it or if you need it or if it is your
I dream at some point, okay, but if not
has wanted in 4 years because he has not
Dear, if you want it tomorrow you will have it.
It is worth the same as what others have had
They didn't deserve it and they had it
Okay, that's the first thing, I'm going to tell you
number a series of things that you
you have done as a person then they would be
the things you have done for
drag you to see if I caught something
On top of that, you idiot don't catch [ __ ].
because the other one has still taken The
Super chat, rain and shine, and the next one
He didn't care that they told him 240 that he
tell the son that he is going to forge a
paper to the other one he doesn't give a damn because they have
entered here 240 here 500 here
I don't know how much here And they haven't given you
a [ __ ] [ __ ] worth what intention
It was obviously a matter of grabbing and taking out what
I could and you are so messed up that you have
eaten a turd even with that because
the other one has still been taken by you, haven't you?
you have taken nothing worth And you have the
intention because when you see that
They give 500 bucks to the other saying
that we put the videos on
YouTubers in Yellow you jump and say
Hey, don't let Loli Loli find out, don't let her know.
find out Loli Loli but me too
They put it in Yellow for you videos
They can already make it yellow green for you
purple pink colors okay you don't
you're going to monetize a [ __ ] [ __ ] for
ad because you have four visits
but not me where they have to what
balls does the
platform if there is Loli if there is Loli
If Peppa is there, all these people are there.
Okay, so you give me what you want.
that they give you pasta Because if you are a
channel of your numbers as well as
even with much more numbers than you
You can enter from YouTube because in
YouTube is an average of every 1000
visit a dó or in plan no
Obviously you didn't want to get it out of him
pasta anyway you what to talk I was not going to
warm up And I was going to insult you not the same
What do you do, or your environment, but how?
Well, I told you here in the TT that you
I'm going to remember why, if enough
you have enough with life
that you have if you have enough with being what you are
that you are that is rotten inside that
You are 50 years old and you look 80 But why?
the poison wrinkles more and ages
before that's why
Okay, I knew that a friend of yours
little friend you used to sleep with
at home okay I knew I was left with a
money that he had borrowed from people
listen, loser, what had been asked of the
people for an association against the
cancer you kept quiet for months
knowing it
be quiet, be quiet, and when you fight with
Then you expose her, I ruin her
image for life because
evidently the image of that lady
for the whole life is ruined ima with what
that has done worth But because you her
you sold you know what we don't do wings and
I never Even if I did one thing
terrible
sell ourselves we have never sold ourselves nor
neither angry nor fighting nor staring at the wall
You guys yes because I'm a genusa
Two days after fighting you sold it
So I don't know what's worse, if you
streets if you have kept quiet that you
friend would have kept the 240 that were
You had to remember it at 7
months for me to donate them, okay? I don't know if
It's worse if you kept quiet about it or if
friend you are [ __ ] because the
You betrayed her because this is selling her out.
It was great for me to have found out
240 but you betrayed him
having stayed overnight at his house
you sold the minimum and you had sold
mortgage thing that I don't know what
problem with the Treasury, I don't know what problem
with the bar we air all the
intimacies of the one who was your friend is worth it
I wouldn't be such a friend when on the first day
after fighting with her you sold her and
you betrayed okay because you are what you are
you are worth it without more worth it then While
your other friend who is not your friend either
Obviously what happens is that I had one
very fat wallet is worth it while you
another friend invented to stir us up
who suffered from cancer, colleague, look at you with
what you have played when it is not
messing with one or the other and
when it is not to ask for money
suffered
cancer to use it for
you are lucky to follow his lead
you invented it to follow his lead
you made up that you had seen her
staple that you had seen the staple you
you invented
AND
still and even more so if possible
pathetic and liar that I am and tricksters
because I'm a trickster that your friend
spoke badly that your friend spoke badly and
that we have to see that we criticize her
for how
I was talking and that and that we were
making fun of how she spoke when
He spoke like that because he had been wronged
the vocal cords with the
chemo Of course
the self has made the self Has been and The cat
that is close to the flight of the Man
Man hacked into bank account
to steal my money from the abusers
psychological sons of [ __ ] those are
after-effects of chemo that you are like this
They are after-effects of the chemo that Oye a lo
better that I am not a doctor eh that I am not
I am a doctor because maybe you say
those things as after-effects of chemo
But don't tell me it's because you're burning your
vocal cords tell me it's because you're burning
the heart because you have to be bad to
having said the things that you have said
friend and you went along with it
you followed the
roll and you know why you followed him
dirty roll to see if he would let you go and
you haven't been, look at the price you have
put your dignity to see if you
He exhorted you and you have not known that you can be
more messed up
bad because you are bad because that is what you
born Because I wouldn't do that for money and
I like money much more than you do
probably okay eh wait now you get it
I take it that I am missing two
little things when an audio was leaked
yours where
you recognized that the sister of that also
you betrayed Loli, that is
You betrayed Peppa and Loli
also the
you betrayed because you did talk to her
Sister, you covered up the cancer thing for him.
cancer the lie You covered it up for her
Loli not because she was your friend like you
You said in that audio that
leaked you covered it up for your plot to
to throw [ __ ] at us
we don't because because then I
you agreed with me and those of us who were there
saying that it was a lie and to those of
flight you did not tap her you betrayed her You
you hid from your friend
contact a
sister to make you a live bomb
with the other one what a shitty bomb for
TRUE
Okay, and when the audio was leaked
loser you started trying to intimidate
people not to share in the
audio that was more than
public saying that you were going to
report that way your ass is like that
he put your ass on
saying that you were going to report
loser who has published yourself a
your audio you are stupid but you are so
you [ __ ] idiot that you left and
you made an appointment at the guard
civil you made an appointment at the civil guard and
You worked for a while in the Civil Guard
an official who could be involved with
another thing to have a shitty role
in
YouTube to have a paper and show it
on YouTube that from the first day you
I said, loser, that that was worthless.
that I didn't give a damn about it
balls for the lining of the balls me
I passed it and put the audio here because I
I pass it through the lining of my balls and I
Same thing happened to me all of you
Okay, you have stated on several occasions
that would have to be
violently hitting a fan
that is called Smurfette that I think is
over there by the
chat until his mouth bursts and until
that blood Because he made a one
meme because it is a
meme that could be any thumbnail
of those you put
you guys and make a meme laughing
of a painting is that as if someone were
laugh at that Mickey Mouse you know that
you had to bust someone's mouth open
lady until
blood
So if you tell me there
shouting that Alanne is a woman
frustrated Maybe she's frustrated
It's you because I don't understand why, huh?
That happens to you with women, why?
You have that behavior with everyone
are
women what have they done to you or what have they done to you
You're jealous because you're such a beast, huh?
colleague then of course
having having this life and being
This character, why am I going to put myself to work?
insult you if you insult yourself
with your existence And surely to
any close being who knows who
are you going to see is calling Anne to see
which will also mean something
that Hello What's up nothing It's
Let's see, I've been out since yesterday. Eh.
then I found out what was happening
something because because I saw that there was
people who were starting to send me
support on Twitter So when of
suddenly without any reason or
when you think nothing has happened
Suddenly they start stealing your messages
sending you support I say that's it I say I've already
caught you know and I didn't understand anything
until I started seeing you
now
eh but well let's see what I'm doing with this piece
of meat with eyes because yes, sincerely
I can't call this anything else
piece of meat with
eyes tell him that good the first thing that
my life knows between little and nothing
is it to talk about my life or to give me
life advice the first thing you don't know
nothing of my life the second make sure
May your life not be a [ __ ] shame like
It's because we all see it from the outside and
your life is a [ __ ] shame then no
It bothers you to sit down with me, life lessons
friend because you are not exactly there
give lessons to anyone
And what do you want me to tell you? I mean,
if he portrays himself alone, that is to say, sincerely
he portrays himself alone and for me this
It is, that is, it has two functions, one
eh try to divert attention from disgust
that they give and the huge [ __ ] they have
had to that there is no way
justify it in any way, that is, they can
make bobbin lace whatever you want
There is no way to justify it then
as there is no way to justify it myself
I think they are trying to divert the
attention to something else and how how it
They get by saying something even worse
Honestly, it's the only thing I know
It happens to me and on the other hand, not even God
He doesn't even pay attention to him anymore, but it's just that
When I say neither God is nor God has to
say nonsense so that it is given to him
make reactions like how it has been
made
today then being
Don't miss it on TV.
I had noticed I hadn't noticed
that was noted on TV too
Look, I swear I was there right now.
I hadn't understood clearly, that is, I
I sincerely believe that it is a
call for attention because they have
that going up the level and the level and the
level because no one even cares about them anymore
damn case the
true Then how sad to see that I
I know that he misses me the least
eh But how sad that you have to be
talking about a person who has been wearing 5
months without doing any live shows What
sad the
true I find it very sad with a hate
with a disfigured face, let's go, I'm
That's how it is, but let's see, Jai, so that's what
We are talking about a person who without
have no [ __ ] idea about my life because
This gentleman does not know what I have done nor
at 20 nor at 30 nor at 40 nor at
problems that I may have nor the
reasons He has no [ __ ] idea about me
life but no [ __ ] idea but oh well
He then makes his speculations and his
stories but
what you will see is
that that that I'm not going to go in and give him the
little attention that what you want or that is this is the
The only answer you're going to have for me
part of the following answer to the best
He has it where he wouldn't like to have it.
completely demandable, eh, of course, that is
the next answer may be the
has where it is not demandable
completely but not today's climate but
the sum of things you carry that
noend that we are talking that we are
talking about a person who has spoken
of my abortion more times than I am worth
that I had not spoken about my abortion in
public until this gentleman
He said, "So what are you talking to me about?"
of clown victimhood and sue me for it
clown if you have balls
So what are you talking to me about?
victimhood at what point did I become
victimized with that
clown if you brought it up than me
I was silent for a year, or so it is.
you knew those closest to me but I didn't
I had it
counted So if if I were like
you who absolutely monetize it
Everything is disgusting on YouTube with the topic of
Victimization is worth exploiting them
everything explodes
diseases eh all dude So it is
that monetize absolutely everything or
It's so disgusting I could have
victimized during the last two years
as if there were no tomorrow and I haven't
I have not done it with or with him
abortion that I hadn't told until
until he started talking nonsense
neither with deaths of relatives nor with
when cinnamon died or anything at all
nothing I haven't done it in all this time
So what about this rabble that is carrying
victimizing themselves with invented things
for more than a year they come to me
try to give me lessons about anything because
They can line up in single file to suck me off.
the foot if you want it
true, I can suck your foot
Also good but the right that in the
left I hit myself Ho you
It is also with the foot with the
hit Yes yes it's that I'm a little clumsy What
you want me to
Say Lores has broken a finger no no me or
I haven't broken my finger because I've
given in the big toe I had given it
the same blow to the little one and goodbye
but
so what is called has been a little
cracker, that's not the frigi thing, that's nothing
Come on, don't get upset.
Aunt has too much to do with being him, that's because
You see this and it doesn't hurt you because
as he is a loser And apart from that in your
chair you know but it has enough with what
that has with what is with serel
And by the way, answering what has
said before that I have no need to
sucking anyone's ass is not worth it, that is.
You have explained it very well, that is, I
I could have been earning a living for 4 years
with this and I didn't feel like it
Honestly yes, but I don't have one.
nothing to do with how you lead your life
personal has nothing to do with
with whether you come or not V So that is that
Even if you had 25 children now and
seven divorces we would be in the same
you side with me and we would have cleared up
Exactly done the same thing, you know what you
I say they don't affect life at all. No, well.
If it were for that TR rule I myself would not
I would have children either because as I am
pending on my channels no I mean let's see
What he has to worry about is that
that is, I have to keep talking
of us and saying outrageous things every time
increasingly fatter so that it becomes a
a little attention is worth the second
Hey, I have friends I can hang out with.
take better worse I can argue but it
that I am clear about what is clear is that my
friends or those who at some point I have
considered friends
Hey, if we move away, what are they not going to do?
It's 10 minutes later a live show for
tell what During the years that
we have been friends or the months that
we have been friends we have told each other
in private
ok to start and
second I understand your frustration Javi
Because it's been a year and a half or so long
shovel pickaxe shovel pickaxe shovel so that the
benefits are taken by others or that is and
They have left him with his ass in the air 725
sometimes it's worth it because then they always get it
They catch the lies and he has put so much
emphasis on embellishing the lies that
then he always gets caught with the cart
of the ice cream Then I understand the
frustration of the poor kid that well
Well, he's there lying like a scoundrel.
and remaining as one of the worst
internet scum then take a
[ __ ] the truth
more ridiculous than that than what they are
doing let's see fera Apart now
because I understand that there will be people looking
Anton Av was now saying and
putting a ball in there for people with
the theme of the thumbnail of the
description I don't know what and saying that the
video that is what has made the video
It was a mistake, okay, there are people who
There are people who believe in the Three Wise Men.
that it is credible that a woman who
that to remove a piece of lung a
piece of lung that then over time
will regenerate like deadpool and that
If you have breast surgery on the way, it's okay to do it
put tits on the way and that the same
afternoon dance with a dove I understand
that there are people who think that is
so really worth it I understand that there is
people who say, hey, look, well, I
when they have to catch me and I
I know that if I break a foot I have to
put a cast on Well on the way I that
I know I'll wear hair, whatever is fine, okay.
I understand that there are people like that but here
The problem is that not only the
sister of Loli but he himself
ard Troy from his mouth has
audios came out the audio of him saying
Well, look, what Loli said is a lie, right?
had cancer So I don't understand
Since there are still people who say no, then
I believe it as the other one has gossiped
Hey gentlemen, it's not that you
whether you believe it or not that Loli has already done it
said in his own live Loli and the
own Apart from the fact that it is not credible
having a lung removed regenerates and
dances with a dove on the same afternoon
Okay, Loli herself has already done it.
clarified in his live performance and Troy burns
Months ago in an audio Loli said never
has had nothing we knew but
We have been covering it up so as not to expose it.
be now They are returning to that yes to that
Now yes Now suddenly in relation in
In relation to that audio is that the other day
I saw a clip worth counting at three
eh that in one of the last live shows in
In relation to those audios he said well to
see It's that he he is like the like the
president of the government who can
changing your mind is okay, today you can
say no and tomorrow say yes that he
Let's see, well, he has changed.
opinion based on things you see that you don't see
Let's see and let's see what it is that he
we are judging by by by an audio
private in which he gave an opinion What
opinion What opinion Sorry you no you no
you gave your opinion you didn't say look at me
believe
that I can give my opinion today on this and tomorrow on that
another that was not an opinion that you did not
you were opinion was an opinion was an
affirmation chato let's see if we learn to
distinguish it but I know that for You you believe
that really people who have doubts and
people who are for example in their
audience no and it is Ah and they follow him and he
do you really believe that what this
uncle say or do it Simply because
They hate us and it's because we are in
the opposing side because it is that well
Look, there's a little bit of everything, I mean, you have
people who are hate Because of hate Because the
another day he came out eh
a comment on I don't know what channel I think
that was on Loli's Channel but you don't
I would say for sure about a lady
coming to say something like that good
that he knew that what he had was
saying that it had neither head nor tail
but what if it's just to screw someone over?
flight to Javi and company that you stay with
with a face of hey you are defending a
lady who has done this just for
screw another person but whatever
[ __ ] you have here, I just don't understand
Let's see, Loli herself comes out.
saying it was my fault because I said
one thing I didn't have And then the ar of
Troy already said at the time that there was a
So he was covering it up because he knew that
I had never had it before, so what is it?
I believe the doubt, I don't believe it, no people
saying I have no proof yet of
Yes, yes or no, we're going to see, gentlemen.
I also tell you one thing, none of them
To this day, none of them
is defending Loli they are
defending themselves is worth it
bad that they were left with statements like
when it is
they invented that
There was certain science that LoL had
been with Marta and with uncle David but
That lie That lie is a
nonsense they have seen proof that they have seen
the staples that have seen the scar
They said they have seen evidence and they have not
I've seen [ __ ] with cancer, man.
they have invented a that has been invented
cancer as you have seen a [ __ ] but already
starting from the base that already starting from
the basis of that the the the the premise and the
argument was that he had removed a
piece of lung that will later regenerate
over time and in the same
operation got boobs and that Loli is
a fighter who on the same afternoon that
the one who operated on her was dancing with the
dove like this on the arm, that is, it is because
Please, but we don't need it
already the medical report to know that that
that they are laughing at everyone
Please, but who has a doubt?
I heard the other day in Na Cotia I
I think Ana has told him that she
He told you it was my fault because I
I invented something that I didn't have and then
of Troy had an audio saying that it was
but please, I don't understand, I don't understand it
I understand that it doesn't matter, or rather it is
we are at a point where it gives us the
same or that is to say that he can tell you that the
sky is phosphorescent pink and they are going to
defend tooth and nail and that's it because
because yes because because otherwise
It would be to say that they have screwed up so badly
so they would have to leave
Internet
Javi Because anyone with a
minimum with a minimum of integrity
man disappeared but they would already have
that having gone from the Internet But on the other hand
Let's go Loli for himself to what he has
dedicated his channel as such to what
It was his channel as such to defame for
insult at the moment in which lady
of a [ __ ] deens worthy to pick up the
damn deanda is worth Loli maybe
the one who tells him to [ __ ] off
channel is a judge
no the judge doesn't tell him that Sia the
channel But that has not even been requested in
the claim is neither a civil claim nor
whatever you have to do is pick up the
demand and pay what you owe but you know
that which
the one that the pppa with the 240 thing
same and they don't care and they continue
putting yourself in front of a camera does not matter
Javi, they have zero shame, zero zero.
Shame, I don't understand it, but oh well
good heart Don't get upset that you are
holidays come on I haven't been gone a couple of
days away but I just came back now
It's that or rather it's been arriving home.
I just got home right now
from the airport or rather it has been arriving at
home put the live and say what
balls, I mean anyway you were crazy about
get home and put eh eh no no no
I didn't even know you were live.
I just found out, I swear.
be that I just came in through the
door come a kiss come a kiss
goodbye
Beautiful, I'm going to be with you. It's 12:30.
I'm going to see Fran's thing here, eh, I'm going to see
Here's Fran's thing and I'm going to comment here
from Fran and I upload it to the sauce shop and that's it
I looked at the salseria in the afternoon and
I'm at the salseria all afternoon, eh?
after recording and all that stuff
Well, if I open the sauce shop now,
It's 3 in the morning and I have to
get up at 9 Then I'm done
Tomorrow I have my birthday tomorrow, so we're going to
fulfill what we have promised that
we are going to keep a schedule of people
that we are going to see Frank who is not
little thing Okay, let's see it
Frank, that is no small thing, I have been
commenting this afternoon in a video okay
eh But well I would like to put it here
I haven't reacted to the video they uploaded.
Fran with his son fox and also
for example this capture that has
published Fran the price of a betrayal
to yours
children and here are the 6 million
bats I want to take advantage of this since we are going
Let's see Fran and Zorro in the video
with the papers finally signed it was
something that I sincerely had my thoughts yesterday
doubts eh of what was happening today
I'm glad I was wrong but I
Honestly, yesterday I thought that today was not the case.
the colleague would show up, it's not worth it either
[Music]
and the people who have been
putting in
doubt that if Fran was cheating that
He was scamming and all that nonsense is going to happen
excuse or we draw a thick veil
because of course here we have
Yesterday recording inside the notary's office, I don't know
if it will be called a notary and in Thailand
Also This
Ok today they have also recorded inside
the lottery and out and here is Zorro with
the papers then the people who have
state
hinting at this situation in which
was
Fran because I understand that there is a lot
people who can't see Fran or not
only that I can't see Fran but
There are many people who have even joined
to hoaxes and against Fran and now Fran is
trend and it's news well okay but
those who have suggested that this was a
lie and that this is a scam that
They are some
how many you don't Hey, well it's true, I'm sorry
much to have ined this in public for what
what Fran has had to go through and on top of that
what I was going through here saying
This is something that Fran doesn't care about, so you already know.
I say that zero ball zero ball to many
as a character, it's going to give but of course, now
for yourself you don't say your host
Damn, the same thing happened to me with people.
Well, for what was said, it's okay, Yuji has
presented with his lawyer and others and to
It seems that it has been signed, okay. Now the
The lands are fox's, let's see what it is.
I was making the video in English already
We have the lands, they are already done, we have
Putting all the lands together there is one
land that we have to deal with now
another one with another owner around Malloy and
Nothing we are here take you are recording yes
Oh right, the piece of the savannah is true.
You have to solve the problem there, okay?
But well, we are here where the earth
we have all the papers we have everything
done By the way the video game of
fortnite the map is being left or rather it is
It's amazing how faithful he is to the sanctuary.
is to be in the
sanctuary is to be in the
sanctuary is worth it, it's already a fox name
of society with his brothers
eh And nothing
Here you are already seeing the transfers
what have I done to him and nothing when he says
Here you are seeing the transfers
what has happened to him has he forgotten
put the capture of the edition but
These are worth the three transfers
eh We have to do it 2 million at a time
millions and because they can block you
Okay
has come with Rata which is the name
real thing is this
and nothing I think that everything is already there
waiting inside because they don't want to come out
while we are recording with which it is
[ __ ] great because Well because
that's it
These guys, as you can see in the title,
lands are already
ours today we have signed we have had
how lucky they are that they have come to
they have come to the signing
and it has been a very ugly moment for you
I say it has been one of the most
ugly that I have lived in a long time
ugly guy Because the truth
eh Well because the relationship between fox and
your mother is very deteriorated, let's go
say
Ah, she has come with a lawyer. She has come.
with an assistant of her top friend has
come with a rat because now we know
that your partner eh As you know in in
Thailand everyone has a nickname for
example fox is the nickname and the name
real is Eh Francisco Vale well in this
case the name of the couple is the name
real is rat with two t's comes to the
hair is worth it and saying this will be very
ugly Because we have arrived there
I don't know if Fran is in the
society, let's see, when he said
the three I think it is not sape I think
that is Fran because sape is in Spain
Sape has not gone to sign then
I understand that when you said that it is
a society and there are three
I understand that there will be a fox that is less
I don't know if it will be possible, but well, I understand that
She is not the only owner then
I understand that yes no And he because I understand
that he be in a society yes
could you know have a percentage if
could because no no no I don't know he's not here
Felix is ​​not here
here and it is
very to see a son with a mother who doesn't
He doesn't even want to look at her, she doesn't do anything
Hello, How are you? How are you? Everything?
It's like very serious
the couple or whatever you want to call it
Hey, he's on top of it all the time.
above looking at the papers looking at the
No
I left the papers there and walked away.
said in his live the three children Ah
Well, a happy power will have left here or
something like that and nothing happened
then when suddenly I saw
All of that seemed so ugly to me, how ugly
I'm lazy
we have done the paperwork for the people
people from the LAN Office of the land
I had everything ready, we did the
change in fact we have done something that
It is very good that we have united
We have already joined three pieces into one that is
very big then there is camp and then
the part of the
Savannah, I have the phone number of the del
owner and now we are going to try or
buy it somehow in a while
or has a long-term rental of
20 years or whatever is worth it, I don't think so.
that there is any problem eh I don't think so
let's go and and Well that's what there is, I've got him
made the transfers right after
after having signed all the papers
then we had to go to the registry
to change what is the cavi Bang that
It is once that the land is yours
address has to be in your name
and it was ugly because when we were leaving
They called the police because they thought
that we were going to do something to them, I don't know
What? We have stayed there in
in front of the car for a moment when we have
gone out and and and Well, not the typical thing, eh?
that nothing, nothing happens here
You can call the police because you have
fallen but it made me laugh a lot
we have laughed a lot we have laughed a lot
we have done a lot, a lot
laughed But my
son said [ __ ] It's that really
reach this point of paranoia already
It's that their heads are very bad, not this
This is what an 18-year-old kid is saying.
Okay, what's going on? Okay, okay?
It's already in the lands yaer upon me eh
I'm going to tell you several things that have
been spending these days that have been very
ugly my son zape has his birthday on the 4th
His mother did not call him or send him anything.
message hey is the environment how is something
very ugly I know he posted something on Instagram
something like that but he didn't call him or
He put no message if it is true he put
what we said was the
Mother's Day is true it will refer to
That's not something that seems really ugly to me, they're going to
That couple is going to end up very badly. I
I think in a year or so
Fran will have a couple of years maybe
to help her because it will end badly with her
the other couple will have nowhere to fall and
This fact that the lands are
our name in the name of our
children are worth it because they are within a
society
Ah, well it really has been something so
sad that leaves me with very good
taste in the mouth because damn we already know that
the sanctuary is not going to move from here
eh but at the same time it leaves me with a bad taste in my mouth
mouth because this is what he has done
deteriorate the HM family relationship today
My son said how can you get there?
This is also because he said it like that
It could come to this, Dad, always.
We said that family comes first
Family first and how we got there
that I am doing the paperwork, mom
is sitting next to you and has to have
the thing because my children call it the
thing Vale on top of her looking at everything and
saying chiqui chiqui chi in his ear
It's not very sad all the time. But oh well.
We are already of a certain age and we know who to deal with.
we have to relate or not but in
This case may
say that good I have had to pay the
transfer of land and tax
Okay, sure, I have to pay the
with which it has been
6,200 and something good
When they sent me this afternoon,
the Editors and they told me Look
delox has been barking on your live stream
with the cap stuck to the back and
I say all that, well then it will be
claiming pu will be claiming to
Willy Rex will be claiming the one that
Let Willy play Please let me
play
padel let me play padel that I have for you
defended and I said that your W was
clean and your game will be out soon
that I know
No, well, they sent me a c today.
says that I closed my live
running when I don't stop lying is what
What's up? No, but what has made me very
It's funny that I posted this and they have
the haters have been stung
that those who feed themselves are worth
feed well also eh
They have been offended and then they have said to you
complaints about being told
dog I'm going to tell you the same thing that I told you
He said and give it to him and Nimu
I don't care what the person who told me told me.
said the dog thing look look who me
This looks good, I can't see his picture.
Okay, let's see who told him. Here it is.
They are laughing Almost everyone since
the comments Look at 40 years old
Oh, what did you say to the dog? Oh!
that at 40 years old you can't be
tell you
Okay, what I was saying is that they are children.
little one in fact, [ __ ] you tomorrow
I'll tell you something tomorrow. I'll tell you something. Okay.
Look
and look
But how are you going to call him a dog? No.
no you can't tell him
dog I support Dallas review hard
You people don't understand that I'm in Dallas
the bank Ugh they sent me they sent me no
I'm going to say it now, I'll say it, okay?
[ __ ] I'm saying no many times
There are many things that I can't say but
that they have been stung, that they have been stung
look no no the dog you the dog you don't him
you say dog ​​to the dog, you say dog ​​to the dog
dog you eh
guys I don't know maybe they have
offended because it's not Willy's and it's
Ricky's I don't know but as he gives it to her
Ricky is also right about the
lawyer in the restraining order case
and about the nonsense of the contract
confidentiality Well I don't know anymore
who is the dog is what he wants to play
Padel is what he wants to play.
padel Ok then Well that's it for
Don't let the kids get angry, okay?
Since I don't have money for Bot, it's worth going.
If you want, feel free to retweet this.
I'll pay you when I can, okay?
For you, I don't have money, then yes
Do you want to go here to Twitter and
you give it a retweet that seems to
It really bothers me, I don't know, damn, it's a joke
The doctor has been put on live What do I do?
I have put myself to the Dr.
and but it is very sad because it has sold to
their children for 6,00000
Bats has sold the family and doesn't give in
account now but it is given
don't count for much time because there is something
that I always tell my children
love you
get angry, fight but respect the dal
Veira Wilson and all those accounts
harassment are bothering you
Marina telling him that Marina snal accepts
collaborate with such a person
foul-mouthed one who is on YouTube Oh but
It's a clip from now on from Dalis
Veira is being claimed to
Marina that she goes that she goes to work
Here with how badly I speak, why not?
I know what I told him
loser and the accounts are bad
Wilson I don't know who how much they are
challenging what
little creature at this hour dalis
At this time you can say what you want.
want the police closed at 3 in the
late I can take it right now
get up here and [ __ ] in the
desktop can't help me
Marina Esnal says that she reports that
Let's say that if such that she leaves him
play
padel if you are always there for each other
another because family is the only thing that
you have and if you can keep that that B
that connection is going to be for
My God, I always make you sick, I am yours
favorite channel I've said it these days
behind obviously the envy and the
rage the life that I have that everything
that I have in general generates envy and
so I'm actually your channel
favorite, that is, they are not going to see each other
example right now if I were in
directly those who support the accounts
You are Tania Peppa I don't know who I don't know
how much
Joan Win michu they would not go to see each other
the live broadcast of would stay watching this
straight
Oh and I don't know what I'm going to experience if I go.
to live a lot, a little more or less, but it
important when when you have
children is that when you leave this
world you can't take anything, nothing
It doesn't matter if you take a watch with you
position is worthless You have to
try to make everything stay for the people
that comes behind you and in this case your
children here your mother has chosen the
money has been putting me at a disadvantage
I say rat because its name is rat Yes
yes it's called a rat giving birth, yes
narcissist that if little eh
yes
little responsibility that if this that if
the other thing I would tell him to go and take
up the ass and from here I make it public
I'm going to make it very public if anything
happens in the next years F years in the
sanctuary We have any report We have any
Any Problem that is coming out of the
normal here i responsible
This morning I told him the same thing to me
mother when I
I got up because I didn't want to do anything
Let's see, but how do you translate please, let's see
I understand that you are saying something like
that if something happens to them it is worth going to the sanctuary
they to the children whatever they are that
the base is obviously responsible, I that is
Imagine 1 problem that they want to give
that it be
English
understand Clear and from here I want
to thank everyone, everyone
that you have supported and be attentive for
If they do something wrong to me, if they do
some [ __ ] will come from them of course
Elena has translated it in her live broadcast
Well I do it.
summarized what is translated, what do you want?
word for word does not do
lack of it against children against the
Oh J news How annoying you are, I've read you.
you have put it 38 times the same
comment I already know that Antonio Avi put you
a strike last year but he put it on you
with all the reason in the world because you
you dedicated yourself to uploading your stories of
Instagram as if they were your videos
short what the [ __ ] do you want me to do to you
I removed the strike, the problem is clear to you.
strike is well deserved is fine
put what he can't do
is doing what he did yesterday one thing not
take off the other one
animals against the
sanctuary is very clear to you any
problem that they have three or four years
Here it will come from them, I have that
very clear
very clear then the only thing I want
is to live life
calm that the animals are
calm down and let these people go away
[ __ ] off and do whatever I want
I have fulfilled the pact, they wanted money, I
I have given them money so that that lady
put some land in your children's names
lands that already belonged to their children and
That blackmail has been extinguished Today and that
blackmail has been paid with the help of
all of you and it has taken you a
a fortune for the very expensive
Hey, he's made a fortune, but
absolutely for the very expensive eh
host just answered me a
journalist that I'm now going to tell you that
don't forget that I don't forget
tell it now with Fran's people, eh?
You are going to
freaking out has been paid for with the help of
all of you who have supported
watching videos just supporting
morally buying subscriptions or
doing whatever and from here you can
I sincerely thank you especially as
I told all those people the other time that yes
who has put his body like Javi as
I greet you for your time and work for it and
to the rest Hey in some of the gossip
that we have seen today serious question okay
Because the other day they sent me a message from
Twitter a clip
and in which they were debating
What was the most popular gossip channel?
relevant and were debating about
if the visits of if I don't know what as
There's some [ __ ] gossip that we see in everything
the day I don't put Javi on some
moment what we have seen today What are they
The topics we have seen today Well I think
that in the only one that we have left and
I hope it continues to be like this in the
click that we have seen about the mother
by Daniel Sancho in the others in
all in all absolutely always uncle
in all the
scrubbing is like what we have talked about
Twitter accounts, that is, accounts
from Twitter are Let's see
Wait, they are full Jabi Oliveira accounts.
Hey, all the channels have this.
I ask, I ask, I ask, I ask, let's go
The one about the canine doesn't appear here, the one about I don't know
who is the one with the canine and the one with the Bird
the one of I don't know what good because like this in
Youtube every day every day
absolutely every day one day
let's see tomorrow we'll see some
Tomorrow we will see some Good for what
I said nothing, I'm going to have 38 videos this time.
night every day Well This is Rome
who made me a video, I have it good
I was watching it yesterday now I'm going to watch it
answer ok but absoluts mamente
every [ __ ] day what I think
that I say what I think is worth it yes yes
I put a tya I don't know who if I put a you
every day this
No, this is not available on all channels.
of gossip the gossip channels only
They comment okay but that's what I
I think that what I think is not worth it
I say what I don't say about everything
everything everything is brutal So I love it
Hey, I love it ...
love what you have supported I will give it to you
I am grateful from the bottom of my heart and that is what burns A
the best because this sanctuary could be
have lost and this sanctuary today is going to
endure and will endure and it is thanks to
you all agree So I think
that I have been very clear in everything I have
said the sanctuary is ours
The lands belong to my children. It is a society
It's yours, no one can touch it, you can't
dilute nothing can be done
eh it could only be sold if they are
everyone agrees so
It is what there is and they don't want to sell it.
because for them this is
It's no no Marina no Marina send us a
audio they don't send an audio Marina you are already
announced I don't know if it
You know, look who has given
retweet Look Who Retweeted
to the tweet that I told you before
Wilson and the d veira and these things I don't know
If you are going to see it, yes you can see it. Yes you can see it.
see Yes it is seen Yes it is seen or so
absolutely association of bad guys
United by Javi Oliveira always forever
eh always forever forever they join together
okay Look, right now I'm going to
one of those YouTube videos that
I put any one is fine
Ok, tomorrow we'll see some, I'll choose.
Which one has a little bit of
Grace, okay, tomorrow we'll see one.
Tomorrow I'm going to do a live broadcast in the afternoon.
I have to record videos for the channel
main thing that is preparing it
place but well Tomorrow I have to
get up early when you leave
gym I'll start recording video and by
In the afternoon I will do long live shows, okay, but
The thing is that now I take a
any of them and
I react okay and I tell him four things and
Four people are already coming with whom
I fought in 2019 three times with which I
I fought in 2020 and two or three ladies from
last week and they get together with each other
and they follow each other and start challenging each other
between them it is brutal what I generate uncle is
brutal and what that translates to in
plot against Javi Oliveira
millions of visits well 16 and 46000
subscribers
new more
and put the
same
more almost s more 13 1000 subscribers
13,000 more subscribers in the most puny
almost 7 million of us are already talking about
that out of 20 I don't know how many it is worth more
telesalseo plus the lollipop plus I don't know
that I continued hating myself and continued crying no
happens
nothing happens nothing happens
nothing our life [ __ ] is true what it is
the p members but the I members do not
I think the members thing will stay
eh, that is, in the salsería they have in the
Salseria we are now at 5500 and something
member I don't know if 600 But I don't think so
that is maintained that is very crazy that
when they start to fall in a month
pam pam pam every day a host when
we realize we are
you know when we realize
Hey, you know what I'm telling you. I mean, no, no, no.
I see it very very very logical I think that people
He smokes a big joint at the salseria
people take a fat joint 5000 and
peak of members you Well, it's 5500
more than 1,400 members here would be
6,900 members
Well we do what we can, overcoming
surpassing every tweet he sends me
Wilson surpassing every t he puts on me
Wilson the truth Now I'm going to the
bed all worried
for the ret of Troy do not you
Believe it or not, believe it or not, eh, I'm leaving now
[ __ ]
eh I'm going [ __ ] Now it's that it's your turn
true So thank you very much and to the
happy couple [ __ ] them and a
hug okay leave them alone
leave them off social media
say nothing because they don't deserve even that
Neither did I insult them nor did you tell them
nothing to give them up the ass and to everyone
Thank you very much and the
sanctuary
freedom will be there for many
years miqui I'm glad I'm glad as if
It was mine, I already said it the other day. Look.
Dalas also answers me here
I'm glad as if it were mine, I already said it
I said it the other day
today in the video I uploaded with my mobile
I don't care about the idiot people who put
tell me eh if I believe that he
sanctuary is mine when I mention when
I give thanks when I don't know what when
I don't know how much I eat. Look, man, maybe.
if you had left your house
You know, there are times in life when
that any corner of the world can
a bank in the be important to you
that you gave your first kiss is worth it
open space where you went with your wife
to be triqui triqui Okay when you were a
Big boy with your freshly caught meat
Hey, the roundabout where I knocked you off your bike and
you met her worth 1 thing worth 1,1000
corners of the world can mean
a lot in life because in the end in the
life what we take with us are the
moments okay or rather the material doesn't
you're going to take it anywhere
material you can enjoy in life or
It can help you to help people or
to help your own or to
make sure you are calm
yours But in the end someone can
to believe that the sanctuary for me is not
something about me
life
I ask I ask
come on, whatever is worth the roundabout where
Did they give you a good reference? I ask.
Can anyone imagine? Can anyone imagine?
You may think that no Javi you don't give the
thanks to no one who is not him
protagonist you are not happy m
Sorry, sorry, I mean, I'm glad.
In addition to the fact that he has kept this
sanctuary because that's where I've been
twice
You understand, I'll take it, whether I come back now or not.
come back you understand me Then people are
a bit of an idiot I'm glad it happened
kept the sanctuary with which it is
Also the kangaroo is mine exactly
also the kangaroo is
My people believe that going to the sanctuary
and go to the sun for a walk you can't go to the
sanctuary there is a collaboration that
It's done OK but it's not a Safari there
a collaboration that you can do if
you want to help the sanctuary and there is you
You can go to the Sanctuary, you can visit it
but you can't visit the whole sanctuary
you visit the
camping visits the
camp okay so you can't be there
Not everyone is lucky enough to be
Fran's friend from the jungle and having
met that person then
eh I'm very happy Let's see it's one of them
a little joy
bittersweet because the truth is that it rules
egg that we do not have to
gladden
eh, if I had given this chick 200,000
Okay, there are 200,000 uncle quequera
that is not eh I have not worked it out between between
everyone gre with gre going there
While doing the 24-hour live show, I left.
over there, eh, with everything that for me
entails you know
in all those who have donated all the
people who have donated all the equipment of the
sanctuary there Fran there without sleeping almost
all week and will take 200,000
p me
You understand what I'm telling you? Well, nothing goes away.
take 200,000 turkeys But well that was it
that there was Okay now I'll tell you something
Let me not forget what happened to the journalist
That was really good. Look, that was good.
This Dalas says the money in the hands of
a distant drug doesn't last long, don't you
worry because his life is [ __ ] and
It will always be that money will not last long.
nothing but the hatred of the whole world
will last forever A huge hug and
I'm so glad that there's recovery
what it is
Yours, how brutal is what Yuji has done.
eh, I mean, what he did is very strong
Yuji, we have audio from Marina.
We have Marina at 1 o'clock tonight.
Tomorrow I'll listen to my favorite channel
to read this from the journalist to close
the extract and we put Marina's audio
esnal in a few moments okay or so it is
as if we were commenting on Marina and
I think the gossip is worth it for you to go
warming up and the poor guy will see that
Marina Well now let's put the
audio of
Marine
it turns out, it turns out, let's see, I'm going to look for it
here
It turns out I find this one
t of this
Journalist Tomás Casa I have already crossed paths with
some occasion with some of his antics
Okay, imagine the little red triangle for
downstairs Fran Cuesta has been asking for
money to others and then
you will complain
how can it be so
short of what are you going to pretend to compare
bigy Mari Un
Bigy Mari kisses five members but I don't
I see people clapping already in the chat
Hey bigy Mari don't pretend to give me
with what they have done to him by charging
little payments, buddy, I would never complain
that my country gives subsidies or that
My country gives little payments to people who do it
What I complain about is that
someone comes and finds one
pay that is better than a salary and for
So don't do it for work because it's not
he is interested in working he is more interested
look for four jobs a week
collect them in black and collect the pay that
I'll pay it and they'll take 50% off me.
Okay, and in the morning go down to the park
to drink two
big bottles but not me where they have them
that you can't hear but thank you
kiss don't worry if I'm joking
bastard you take it seriously it takes you
you take seriously anything I do
Say yes, but yes, it has bothered me a lot
Give me others
4000 So how could I care?
that what I pay in taxes goes to
a person who cannot find a job and
you need to take your plate to the
home
Hello, how could I care?
I don't even care about the Bonus
cultural this of the kids when
they turn 18 to me what I like the most
that my [ __ ] is touched is that there is
people who don't care about 400, 500, 600
It may be because he works and is lazy.
has to get up early, lives at home
of the mother being in her 50s and Se
They go down to have a drink
They have a lot of beer and live in it
the mother's house has the pension of the
mother, father's pension and the allowance
So Fran's thing is not a little pay.
I don't think anyone in this world with
two fingers in front complains that
exist
subsidies, unemployment, pension, aid yes
You can't find a job and you run out of time
I stop aid to young people for
rent I don't think anyone knows anyone knows
Nobody complains about that, nobody can
seem bad That's what they complain about
that the situation is that there are a lot of people
that is comfortable in collecting payments or that
They come from outside and you give them a new allowance
arrived that it is also a debate not it
Fran's has literally been a
blackmail for a land that is theirs that
He bought it with his work and that
He has worked to create what exists
Chari Thank you very much
But you have it very very very complicated
very very very complicated if you want
get closer to the kids, I'll tell you.
eh very very very complicated I go Marina
Now I put it, eh, I'm giving a meeting
politician It's that the joke is really
This is why you hate Fran because he has
said four things that go with your
ideology and that you are glad that I lose
the sanctuary and I don't know what And I don't know
how stupid you are uncle Tomas and the worst thing is
which says editor, publisher and director of
common info common info is a page
website that you have created and that you say is
a medium this is like when I say that
I am the director of telesalseo which is more
important information
common in my life is what the director of Oseo puts it
Of course, but it is a medium
The news about telesalseo is already appearing
In telesalseo there are editors who
guys are uploading news all the time
Heart Day and there are a lot of
news every day this is a
website that you have created as well
I say Here that now we are going to do it for
ask for a grant piece of
lazy tinkerbell Thank you very much
beautiful, for being a journalist, a kiss
Yes don't worry that I want but
If I get a story, I'll put it in you.
a star that's a joke on you is a joke
Ok, it's a joke, but to be honest,
journalist you don't act like a journalist because
you are not a
journalist you are a trickster activist
the extreme left that's what you are if you are
A journalist informs you and covers what
It happens to Fran Why Fran has had
that reach this situation How many people
has wanted How many people have called us
that he wanted to give him the money one by one
Fran and Fran didn't want to because he is
accustomed to having his whole life
money from him Thank you Jess from him working
of him as a good Boomer who gave him
shame to take money from more than one person
who has come with the money to give it to him
and he wanted to feel like he had been
worked the 200,000 at least that
Don't give it to him so easily. Okay, and
that is that you have not done your job, you have not
You are a journalist, you are looking for one
grant piece of
lazy piece of dog flute worth it
Look, that money has not come from your
pocket but of the people who have it
entered into your account I will give it to you
repeat again perr flute has come out
of the people who wanted to give it to him
voluntarily Ok to you if they give you one
pays surely it is not because people
I want to give it to you voluntarily.
because the government imposes a fee
Okay, but it didn't come out of your pocket.
because he doesn't have it because he didn't have it
Thomas if he had it in his pocket
to pay that blackmail there would not have been
order But what has come out of your
pocket is what the land cost
what it cost with all the progress that
has the sanctuary
Okay, that's what he's wearing.
sanctuary in 4 years if it is progress
Yours is not progress or progressivism
yours is involution
okay but of the people who have it
entered into your account that does not
elections of nothing to no one is a freeloader
He's a playboy, the guy tells you.
from Cachito de
something is a
a playboy who has a closet
a playboy
Francoa has a closet like Homer's
Simpson That is, the same clothes every day
days and has it hanging there on a wall
all the
croc a
playboy
a
carom if you tell me that this Tomás
He is talking about Pedro Sánchez of the
wife of Pedro Sánchez de Ávalos de
some of those who see you with
power not Irene Montero the ponytail the
another but what are you talking about
Frank uncle who gets up at 5 in the morning
tomorrow to give the bottle to the capí
bars what
a playful man who is better than him
the Chale of going in Montero obviously
okay, he lives in a container
who lives in a container to be
there taking care of the animals
Tomas this is a tweet he says Today
I wanted to comment on some good news we have
registered common info as an association
national from now on I will focus
in my journalistic project and I will start to
apply for European grants and
nationals to create a new newspaper
digital you are invited to collaborate and and
He asks for [ __ ] He doesn't ask for [ __ ], that is, he asks
[ __ ] to ask for [ __ ] Tomás Casas
you are the pinnacle of
perroflauta I have gotten into this environment
common infoc and you have literally published
since the year you created it four
news and you have it
registered you have registered it for
meet the requirements to request one
subsidy but that's what you're here for
asking for money, you're asking for money, the gang
You are invited to collaborate to fulfill
the requirements for you to be given
subsidy is that you are the pinnacle of
perroflauta okay And I'm going to tell you one
thing Before putting the audio of
Marina, you surely do deserve it.
subsidy but for being stupid Let's see, let's see
see what he put on me because he put on me
something poor wait let's see them
ultras the ultras ultras the
[Music]
Ultras, we are all already on the streets
We already have many liters
loading when we go to the field
always the ultras You don't even know how to read
We have registered an association at the level
national
it doesn't fit no
fits Well yes it would fit I have the blue one but
It makes me angry, yes it would fit, I have the blue one
but it gives me
Courage family before we go we are going to
listen to our little seagull we are going to
listen to our
marinilla no no no no no no Marina no no
no no no no no no no no look look I'm not going
to say nothing but no
don't involve me in
Hello everyone, Telesalseo family
It's a little hard for me to send this audio.
for several reasons that already
You will understand, but if asked, I will do it.
that nothing eh several little things summarized in
first place on the 29th
We will announce it as it happens.
bring the date closer everyone here
Please because I really want to
while giving me a feeling of certainty
nerves return You will understand it too
eh, let's go back a bit to the exhibition
eh Because it's not easy after so much
time but deep down I want to
Well, to confront and to share.
with you again adventures Return
to the Team the duo Javi Marina that both
I think that chemistry is very cool.
wonderful and Javi more human and less
Warrior Although Warrior but with
ours with our other's issues
No, please. I'm a little sleepy.
Please, it's up to people to think, mother.
mine then eh an aside Tell delox that
because Javi you only say eh
Tell [ __ ] that we tell [ __ ] that
Marina lets you play padel, it's not that
I've been living life for three months now
Paddle to the max with classes every day
days playing paddle and it is a
wonder if someone from Cantabria who
I play every day through an app
and I already have a little team here
play paddle welcome we remove the
joking aside that nothing that
looking forward to seeing you virtually throughout
This time he has written to me a lot
of people and people who in Santander have met me
stopped eh eh for things of all kinds but
especially because of the YouTube issue that a
a lot of thanks, a thousand thanks that what
I'll wait, let's hope we're up to the task
especially at the beginning, eh some
I want to give an explanation because it comes naturally to me and
because for things that I will tell you and nothing
that from the beginning then from there
up Hey, we're going to have a good time
superb I hope everyone
enjoy, that's what it's all about
entertain which is the main thing and
to have as little trouble as possible
because life is not that, that is, life
It's not that, besides, life is today
literally today So nothing after
This somewhat absurd mini speech and
these hours of the night that that that that
I love you all so much, beautiful people
You Javi in ​​the background too and without background
eh To all of you out there
always also tomorrow I see the lazne that
comes to see me here in Santander So
We love each other a lot too, in a bad way.
people who continue doing it who already do it
will pay somewhere real you
I say you learn a lot to put things into perspective
In the end, life is a learning experience
importance, the important thing, I have it
very clear So nothing I'm sending you a
a big kiss and the first day maybe not
but from the second onwards
Walking will be there and you know it
And that's a very very very big kiss
There's more, huh? There is.
further
Oh well, and of course I'll tell you why.
of course during all this time no
I have been able to see just a few things but everything
that I have been seeing and now I am
seeing more things because eh Also
I return to various media
in which I was eh
which I will also tell you about because
Of course the gossip that has been
some very bad During this time
They have been a bit flip-flop-mouthed and have
They tried to be harmful but they haven't
achieved because as I say importance
the important thing and the rest is nonsense
Well, yes, I have been putting myself to
day and I have so many things to tell that
during the time I have been at
important and not just one thing was
several Eh, well this hasn't mattered to me
obviously
which is very frivolous but Ah I have so many
Things to think and say Javi that
I'll make you a list and we'll go.
breaking down why there are things so
surreal and things that have been
overlooked on television level
our eh that we will analyze And
get ready, let the people get ready because
I come with an agenda We already had
contact list but it is already
that the one now is going to be Monumental
People are really going to be amazed. Yes.
Marinilla, thank you so much for having you.
Here, oh, thank you very much.
you win I don't know what I'm saying anymore but I am
I've been here for 3 hours, man, I have to
go eh really looking forward to having you here
Okay, eh, we haven't lost the
contact at any time
We have even seen each other in person
we have seen in person several times or
only when I came back from being on sick leave
only when I went up not at the end of the year
we have not lost contacts
absolutely not at all
eh regarding what she wants to do
When he comes, I've already talked about this.
me with her in private if she the first
day because he needs to express himself and
tell you things and catch up with you
you or give you some kind of
explanation to you is obviously
in his house
and what if she needs it and wants to talk
with you and have that first shot of
contact and talk to you and others
well that's how it will be okay
Eh yes it is true that eh There are topics that
Teresa Alceo is going to veto the issue
rabble or rather the rabble issue
It will obviously be left with
completely but not only theme
rabble will remain
completely finished is worth it
I'd better try it at the salsería, you know.
the subject of the chumilla and such. Maybe you
You'll have to go to the salseria. This is going to
be a channel of the heart and we are going to
dedicate your heart to the realities of the
TV, so be it, I'll be with Marina.
Sundays and Wednesdays the temptation with
the girls if I can count on them
Monday the
Monday and with Lorena comment let's watch TV
Not a kiss from Big Brother Roman
eh And my newscasts and my things and
put the sauce back where it was
I will also try to bring the maxims
possible interviews that Marina has there for me
I'll throw a cable, I'll do some of them.
with her and another that she helps me with
get interview voucher bring to
celebrities bring in TV collaborators
I mean, put on some gossip TV, basically, wave
has always been there since the first
moment in which the channel was created
heart reference eh I've had it
a little abandoned in the months of
summer because the topics have been more
strong in the main and in the sauce
But we are back and we are going to
to give a lot of cane like
you like it, okay, topic, not only
will veto the chumma issue will be vetoed
chumma theme at the moment it comes
Marina I'm using it a little bit
fill these times ok but if not
that no one will mention others either
channels that
[Music]
Hey, start trying to get them to
mention or simply that it is not known
try it but don't know
will mention any YouTube channels
here okay it's over what happened eh And
we to our thing and with Our
goal is worth it man unless
we have to give some credit For
supposedly not Or I don't know what or I don't know what
that we have some guests someday or
for example, that it is a YouTube channel
that that is a character As for
example Antonio David is worth
And yes, it is true that there are people but
Of course we are talking about people who have
done infinitely worse things and now
This is even minimized today we have
been talking not about the things that are
They have even invented some no and with
the things that have come to play
some not then almost that we are
forget that during this year another other
lie no and another disgusting thing eh was
repeating throughout the year
why Marina No collaborated here the other day
We saw one who put it no and he and they have
They have repeated it several times in their live shows and
in their Stream in their live shows by the
late Also some not that Marina not
He is here because it clearly harms him
harms you gossip Marina has not been
here eh During this year just because
In addition, Marina resigned at the end
September and will return at the end of
September or rather a year exactly because
has been on leave for reasons that she already
will surely extend further on the 29th.
she wants to go I say it because she
He asked me for it. I would come back here for myself.
directly with our playlist and
our heart but as it is your house eh
you can do whatever you want then
mm that they had thrown her out of reason
they started saying and that above all that the
they had thrown out reason but giving it to him
the tint that it was my fault for
my fault or collaborating with me and and and
the whole thing is worth it
[Music]
eh And what Ah okay okay okay okay Yes yes yes
Of course, Marina has been on leave for
a reason that is now more or less known
Ok, but well, I will extend it further and
Marina has been
Go down because it has
needy
and they have started to insinuate things
related to me as if
I had a bad feeling about her or that
that Marina had to leave because
telesalseo telesalseo is going to be again
what what what has always been
before this summer break okay or so
that we are not talking about that
The telesalseo stopped when Marina left
Telesalseo has continued until before the
summer because I couldn't take it anymore.
because the children were here we were
on vacation and all that stuff But
Treso is going to return, much to everyone's chagrin.
Vale and Marina are now going to be discharged.
and he's going to go back to all his jobs, I don't know
If I may say it Marina What in
concrete now but Marina is going to return
because I was on leave and Marina was in the
moment that I she called me one night and
He told me what was happening. Well, I told Marina
who is a friend apart from a companion
that being here is worth it because
we have had chemistry and feeling and good
relationship we have not lost the relationship in
This year we have absolutely not
disconnected H less we haven't called
every day because we can't be
not every day like this but we haven't
we have all lost contact
the months several times talking and
Marina what I told her when she told me
He explained what was happening to him, it was here you
They are waiting for your Sundays and your
Wednesday for when you
you decide and that's how it has been for her
has felt
prepared and just as she is going to give herself
come down here are your Sunday and your
Wednesday as it could not be otherwise
how would she have been with 50,000
more subscribers with 200,000
subscribers more or with 30,000
subscribers plus I told him the year
past here are your Sundays and your
Wednesday and I'm looking forward to it coming back
because I love the section with
Marina and you also have many
I want her to come back, okay? Eh
then the same thing I said with
Fran's when they have taught the
papers we will see if the people who
He was insinuating things and saying things
Now that they realize the leg that
they have put in and I was going to say that they
Excuse me or put a point on the
mouth but well And I think we don't have any left
Nothing, no Marina, I already announced it.
another day than the 29th is Sunday which
she starts we are talking about that
There are two weeks left to count. Okay.
and and a little more a little more I don't think I don't
There is nothing left to add that has the
people here really want you
you come back
and and little
You stick me here for 3 hours with the
nonsense, you stick me here for 3 hours, eh? I'm leaving.
running to me
and and it
said that we see each other that we see each other that we
Give a Like and subscribe. Oh yeah.
It is important to retweet the tweet that you sent
I retweeted it from my Twitter
everyone everyone
and we are at 5000 on the main channel
Javi Oliveira we are at
5000 to get to
600,000 check it out everyone eh
Check that you are subscribed, okay?
Check it out. Everything is fine, just in case it's missing.
someone is worth it
Hey, we're almost there, okay, I'll go tomorrow.
to record a video and such, okay, but
check it just in case a kiss
Very handsome, rest well, see you later
tomorrow after eating at the salsería we
we will see, okay, surely or for the
late an